                                    SCP-370                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                     A Key                                      
                                     -----                                      

Item #: SCP-370 

Object Class: Keter 

WARNING: SCP-370 is an exceedingly contagious memetic infection. No cases of 
personnel being infected simply from reading this article have yet been 
recorded, but nevertheless as a precaution this document may only be read in a 
controlled environment with mechanisms in place to terminate the reader at the 
first symptoms. Spreading any information about SCP-370 by word of mouth is 
grounds for immediate termination. 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-370 itself is embedded in a small slab of 
solid lead and kept inside a solid steel box with no openings and 0.5 meter 
thick walls. Under no circumstances is SCP-370 to be removed from either this 
box or the lead slab. If SCP-370 becomes partially or completely exposed, 
blindfolded personnel will be assigned to locate it with a metal detector. An 
electromagnet will then be used to transfer SCP-370 to a small mold filled with 
molten lead. Once this has hardened the lead slab containing SCP-370 will be 
returned to its steel box, and the box returned to its containment vault. 

This box is kept in a specially designated vault at Site-██. SCP-370 
requires no maintenance whatsoever and no research is authorized. Desire to open 
this vault to perform research on SCP-370 or for any other reason is a symptom 
of SCP-370 infection. Any personnel displaying this or any other symptoms must 
be quarantined immediately and terminated if symptoms persist. 

SCP-370’s vulnerability status is unknown. No testing of this sort has been 
carried out, and no future testing is authorized due to the extreme risk of 
contagion to personnel involved. 

D-class personnel with significant violent or sadistic tendencies are to be 
preferred in all interactions with SCP-370 or potentially SCP-370 contagious 
data. 

All live broadcasting capability will be removed from any Foundation Site that 
shows signs of SCP-370 presence and restored one (1) year after the last SCP-370 
event. 

Any personnel assigned to SCP-370 who show a sudden improvement in overall 
well-being should be quarantined and deprived of sleep. If any personnel 
continue to display ‘happiness’ symptoms despite this measure termination 
will be authorized. 

Description: SCP-370 is a key. The size, shape, material and general appearance 
of SCP-370 are unknown. Knowledge of these characteristics is the primary vector 
for the spread of the SCP-370 disease, therefore all records thought to contain 
such information have been destroyed without review. 

The disease caused by SCP-370 has three distinct sets of symptoms, designations 
SCP-370-a, b and c. The form of the disease appearing in any given subject 
appears to be determined primarily by personality. 

- SCP-370-a manifests most frequently in subjects characterized by their peers 
as self-centered or cowardly. It is the most common manifestation. Subjects 
suffering from SCP-370-a show no symptoms upon the initial infection. However, 
these subjects will commit suicide as soon as they have an opportunity to do so 
with minimal suffering (for example, SCP-370-a victims will jump from high 
ledges or shoot themselves in the head with firearms, but will not cut their own 
wrists or hang themselves). 

The instant the subject’s heart ceases to beat, the infected corpse will glow 
brilliantly and undergo an unknown transformation. Detailed knowledge of the 
transformation is a vector for the infection, as is direct visual contact with 
the light produced. No trace of any part of a subject’s corpse has ever been 
recovered following this transformation. 

- The majority of SCP-370-b subjects are commonly described as both extroverted 
and altruistic, however, an identical manifestation of SCP-370-b appears in 
individuals with strong sadistic or violent tendencies. Subjects infected with 
SCP-370-b initially become very calm. This stage lasts for several seconds, and 
is followed by a sudden unprovoked assault on anyone within the subject's reach, 
which continues into an indiscriminate killing spree. Persons killed by the 
infected subject will glow brightly and undergo an unknown transformation, 
presumably the same or similar to that of the suicides. 

Initially the infected subject is no more dangerous than an ordinary violent 
human, however after approximately killing two (2) to three (3) victims the 
subject’s body will begin to radiate yellow light. This light appears to 
inhibit the sympathetic nervous response of the subject’s victims, making it 
difficult for victims to fight back. After approximately five (5) to six (6) 
successful kills, the light triples in intensity and the direct skin-to-skin 
contact with the subject becomes deadly. At this point any eye contact with the 
victim becomes a contagious factor. 

After killing an average of twelve (12) victims (subjects who were considered 
violent prior to infection may require as many as fifty (50) kills to reach this 
stage) the subject will abruptly cease hostilities and enter the final phase of 
SCP-370-b infection. Subjects will raise its arms skyward and shout in a 
slightly amplified voice, “████ take me home!” This sound seems to 
pass through soundproof walls and industrial strength earmuffs with only slight 
muffling. Infection of all human beings within earshot is virtually guaranteed, 
except in cases of sensory deafness. After this cry, a shaft of radiation in the 
visible spectrum forms around the subject, who will then levitate several feet 
above the ground before [REDACTED] and vanishing. As with SCP-370-a, no traces 
of the vanished subjects have ever been found. 

- SCP-370-c manifests in subjects of high IQ and analytical or contemplative 
personality type and is the most dangerous of the three manifestations. 
Unfortunately the majority of the Foundation’s research staff are susceptible 
to SCP-370-c. Upon initial infection, subjects will close their eyes and remain 
voluntarily still and silent for an average of thirty (30) seconds. If 
questioned on this, subjects will claim to have been ‘praying.’ Any infected 
subjects detected at this stage must be terminated immediately and by any means 
necessary. 

After the initial infection subjects will behave as normal, but with significant 
increase in ‘sense of well-being.’ This system persists even when the 
subject is forced into unpleasant conditions. Infected subjects seem to possess 
SCP-370 contagious knowledge about the appearance and exact nature of SCP-370 
whether or not they have ever been exposed to such information. Subjects will 
actively and covertly attempt to spread SCP-370 infection, specifically 
targeting victims likely to manifest SCP-370-a or SCP-370-c. These efforts are 
likely to include but not limited to: 

- Mentioning SCP-370 contagious information in casual conversation. 

- Attempting to have SCP-370 removed from containment for research or attempted 
disposal. 

- Adding SCP-370 vectors to Foundation research notes or other documents, 
including this page. 

- Attempting to broadcast infectious material on a large scale. 

After about fifty (50) successful infections SCP-370-c enters its final phase. 
During this phase the air around the subject radiates a small amount of light in 
the visible spectrum, creating a faint yellow glow around the subject. This glow 
induces a parasympathetic ‘calming’ response in viewers and has a █% 
chance of causing infection for every minute of visual contact. Within about a 
day of this radiation appearing, regardless of any further successful 
infections, a flaming [DATA EXPUNGED] burn marks on any surfaces it touches or 
passes through and leaving no trace of the infected subject. This event leaves 
behind an invisible patch of contagious space which infects anyone who passes 
through it. Patches seem to fade in approximately seven (7) days but as a 
precaution should be avoided for a full two (2) weeks. 

It has become apparent that SCP-370-c infection is being used by some personnel 
as an excuse to torment and murder fellow Foundation staff. The personnel 
responsible have been demoted to D-class, however considering the enormous 
threat posed by SCP-370-c the containment protocol above will not be revised. - 
Dr ███████ 


Addendum 370-a: 

The circumstances of SCP-370’s original retrieval are unknown. It was found in 
the ruins of Site-█, a remote Foundation base in eastern ████. These 
containment protocols in their original form and the described steel box were 
found in a sealed vault along with a single corpse, identified as Dr. 
█████, a known Satanist, and the Doctor's personal log, which was 
found to be SCP-370 contagious. The rest of the site was abandoned and no other 
dead bodies were found, although signs of struggle were ubiquitous. The rest of 
the site’s stored data on SCP-370 had been erased or destroyed, although a few 
useful notes on other SCPs were recovered, particularly SCP-███. 

Several infection events occurred during recovery efforts. These were contained 
with extreme prejudice and the infection was believed extinct. SCP-370 was 
briefly designated ‘Safe’. However, in light of recent [DATA EXPUNGED] Keter 
designation has been restored and anti-memetic security has been tightened 
throughout all Foundation sites. 


Addendum 370-b: 

Dr. █████'s log has been successfully purged of memetic infectiousness 
and is cleared for viewing by authorized personnel. The same precautions 
described for reading this article also apply to the log. 


INCIDENT-370-A

Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Richard’s team came back yesterday. What was left of it, anyway. Most
of them were wiped out by some sort of memetic infection. They’ve also
brought back an artifact, a key or something, from the dig. There’s
something wrong with Richard. He ought to be inconsolable, having lost
so many agents, but he just keeps smiling.

Meanwhile, work on SCP-███ has ground to a depressing halt. The next
battery of tests will involve [IRRELEVANT DATA EXPUNGED]


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Ha! I was right. I knew there was something abnormal about those
smiles.

They brought the artifact out today. Half the people who saw the damn
thing just started attacking everyone in sight and had to be put down.
The survivors have been quarantined. The bodies of the dead have been
incinerated and the survivors are still in quarantine. The artifact
recovered has been designated SCP-370. I hate observational memetic
hazards, by the way. How am I supposed to study something if I can’t
█████ look at it?


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

███. It’s not observational, it's worse. Probably the worst meme we’ve
ever encountered. Reading the notes on the thing seems to have exactly
the same effect as looking at it — it’s pure luck I didn’t get
infected myself. Word of mouth information transfer does the same
thing. We’ve got a full third of our research staff in quarantine now.
(Or at least we should. Some of them have just disappeared.)

I’m freaking out here. I did a compassion ritual yesterday, made me
feel a little better. [DETAILS OF RITUAL EXPUNGED]. Seeing Richard in
this state is really messing with my head. He’s not himself at all —
he’s freakishly cheerful, borderline manic, and he’s tried to breach
the quarantine three times already. Managed to cause several
infections by shouting what I assume were details about SCP-370's
appearance. ███, I don’t even know what information can spread this
thing. I personally destroyed a bunch of documents without review
earlier today, and had anyone who protested quarantined. Dr. C██████
says I’m being paranoid so I quarantined him too.


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Well. I’ve solved the mystery of the disappearing personnel. Some of
the infected commit suicide, and when they do they vanish with this
blinding flash. I caught maybe the very edge of the flash. I’m afraid
I'm contaminated now — I can feel the key hovering around the edges of
my mind. If I wanted to, I think I could see it in my head. Ugh.

I’ve started a write-up of the containment procedure, for if we ever
contain the ███ thing. Helps me keep my mind off… well, it. There are
three kinds of infections — the murdering kind, the suicidal kind, and
the happy kind. Suicides and murderers don’t actively try to spread
the infection, but deaths caused by 370 all seem to create this
infectious light. The happy ones seem mentally unaffected, but their
only desire is to spread this thing by any means necessary. They're
clever, though. They'll pretend not to be affected. The only give away
is the happiness. Even if you torture them, they show signs of pain
but don't seem to care — it doesn’t make them unhappy.

On the bright side, I had a talk with Dr. C██████ via a Class-D
go-between and he told me to go ███ myself, so I've let him go.


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

We've lost our grip on this thing. Richard and team are still
contained, but we have the smilers wandering free in the base. I've
taken to carrying a handgun and just shooting anyone who looks happy.
Considering how haggard and miserable most of our staff is, there’s
not much chance of a false positive.

I've sabotaged all the communication systems. We will stop this thing
here.

The infection in me feels like it's spreading. Starting to take a
conscious effort not to think about… That. There is no God. I am God.


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

There is no God.

Quarantine had been breached. I’m afraid Dr. C██████ and I may be the
only uninfected personnel on site at this point. He’s only safe
because he was in that quarantine cell for so long.

Knowledge is starting to slip. I know… things. [MEME EXPUNGED] not
know what 370 looks like, but I know [MEME EXPUNGED].

There is no Gate. I worship only myself.


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Notes: From this point on the writing gets more and more shaky. Some
parts appear illegible and large segments had to be removed due to
memetic contamination.

Satan used to be just a symbol to me, a symbol of my own unrepressed
desires. A symbol of freedom.

I’ve changed my mind. I pledged [MEME EXPUNGED]. I’ve performed
another ritual, not in the book just one that came to me. I had to use
Dr. C██████ [REDACTED] felt a bit bad about that at first, but it’s
all for the Foundation.

I have a plan.

[MEME EXPUNGED] until all the infected have [MEME EXPUNGED] should
provide an opening for me to make contact [MEME EXPUNGED]. If I can
get the physical key encased within the molten lead from my experiment
with SCP-███ then [MEME EXPUNGED] until the rest of the Foundation
finds us.

…

I think I’ll stick it in a huge █████ steel box too. You know, just in
case.


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Notes: This final entry is written in blood, and begins with an
outline of a complex and gruesome ritual involving, among other
things, the use of 80% of the invoker's blood. Intended purpose of
this ritual is unknown, and our attempts to recreate it have all
failed with the subjects falling dead from blood loss before
completing the procedure.

[DETAILS OF RITUAL EXPUNGED]

In the name of the Adversary I Seal the Gates. [MEME EXPUNGED] return
to your thrones.

[MEME EXPUNGED]


Personal Log of: Dr. █████

Date: [DATA ABSENT] 2009

Notes: Again, written in blood. Positively identified as Dr. █████'s.

What have I done? My memory is shaky — not surprising considering what
I’ve been doing to my mind for the past few days. The containment must
have been successful, as I find myself sealed in with 370 and this
book. Good.

The effects of the ritual are beginning to wear off. Feeling extremely
woozy, consciousness fading. What have I done? Ultimate selfishness or
ultimate sacrifice? Or just ultimate pettiness and spite?

I must apologize to Richar

[END OF LOG]


