                                    SCP-3456                                    
                                    ========                                    

                             The Orcadian Horsemen                              
                             ---------------------                              

Item #: SCP-3456 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3456 is currently uncontained; all attempts 
to contain or neutralize it have failed. Research into methods for containment 
are ongoing. Personnel who observe the entity are to be treated with Class G 
amnestics, and must be located with at least one freshwater stream, river, or 
lake within 1 km of the treatment facility. All historical references to 
SCP-3456 are to be removed and/or attributed to myth, shell-shock, PTSD, and 
hysteria. Reports regarding loss of life and damage as a result of SCP-3456 
incidents should be scrubbed of all references to the anomaly, and replaced with 
narratives involving military conflict, natural, or man-made disasters. 

Regions in which SCP-3456 are likely to appear are to be monitored regularly. 
Personnel are to be deployed to aid evacuation efforts in the event of an 
incident. Direct observation of SCP-3456 should be avoided. 

Description: SCP-3456 are a group of quadrupeds resembling horses and other 
equines. Individual instances deviate significantly from other equines, 
particularly due to the lack of hair, presence of three-toed hooves, thick 
transluscent skin, and either single or multiple human torsos fused to its back 
in addition to the normal equine head attached to the horse's body. 

Each torso has a pair of arms and a head attached, where the arm-span reaches 
twice the height of the entity itself,1 and end in 5 sharpened, protruding bone 
digits in place of human fingers. In most instances, SCP-3456 possesses a hole 
where the human nose is normally located, and is capable of emitting 
high-pitched screams up to 110 decibels in intensity. The size of each SCP-3456 
instance varies, with the largest recorded manifestation reaching 30 m in 
height, and 15 m in length. SCP-3456 instances, thus far, have proven to be 
impervious to conventional weapons. 

Instances materialize near the sites of war, terrorist attacks, and natural 
disasters. Multiple manifestations may occur depending on the scale of the 
event, as indicated by the entity's materialization during numerous historical 
events throughout the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries. SCP-3456 instances display 
high levels of adaptive intelligence during incidents, often engineering 
situations to trap or torture their targets.2 Due to this, it is currently 
theorized that SCP-3456 may be sapient. 

Direct observation of SCP-3456 by an individual will result in the entity 
becoming aware of the observer, at which point it will display directional 
awareness of said individuals at all times. SCP-3456 manifestations are known to 
engage in predatory and stalking behavior, utilizing the environment to conceal 
and camouflage themselves. Survivors of such behavior report that the entity 
will manipulate, and follow its targets, pursuing them well beyond the site of 
initial manifestation (See Incident Log I-3456-032).3 SCP-3456 will continue 
such behaviors, deliberately exposing itself to as many individuals as possible, 
until it has captured a large number of individuals, at which point it will 
dematerialize.4 What happens to subjects taken by SCP-3456 is currently not 
known. Should SCP-3456 be incapable of collecting a sufficient number of 
subjects, it will continually materialize near individuals who have observed it 
before, until it is able to capture them. 

SCP-3456 is either unwilling to cross, or incapable of crossing, bodies of fresh 
water. This was initially discovered by Foundation plants within Basrah, Iraq, 
during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Foundation agents were forced into rapid retreat 
across the Tigris river by three SCP-3456 manifestations, at which time they 
discovered that the instances either could not or would not set foot onto the 
bridge. How and why SCP-3456 is unable to cross such geographic boundaries is 
currently unknown. 

ATTEMPTED ACCESS DETECTED. ENTER CREDENTIALS 

CREDENTIALS RECOGNIZED, LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE GRANTED. 

The following section contains journal entries from Dave Harkand, an infantryman 
in the British Expeditionary Force during World War I. This journal describes 
several SCP-3456 sightings over the course of The Battle of the Somme. 

June 27th, 1916 

Finally arrived at the front! I picked up this little journal while I was in 
Paris, figured I might as well keep record of my heroics on the battlefield. 
Quite chuffed to finally be in action, though it seems I'm the only one. Most of 
these blokes have been fighting for a couple months now, and they look downright 
dreadful. Mud all over the uniform, and their faces are so pale, look like they 
haven't eaten or slept for months. Commanding officer is rather shit hot5 for 
battle, it's quite admirable. 

July 2nd, 1916 

Woke in the early hours of the morning. Ground was shaking, damn near shook me 
out into the muck on the dugout floor. Poor blokes in the bunks on the other 
side looked liked they had seen a ghoul. Pair of Northern Irish lads from 
Kitchener’s Armies if I remember right. Kept muttering about a Nuckatee? Must 
be some Mick6 thing. Were both gripping a gold crucifix. Was about to lay my 
head back down and get a wink of shuteye when I ended up scrambling into the 
mud. Loudest damn thing I'd ever heard. Thought it was the Hun Artillery bout to 
mark us with a whizz-bang, only problem was, never did get the bang. This 
morning asked our brass hat about the Artillery barrage. Gave me a funny look, 
and asked what the bloody hell I was talking about. 

July 2nd 1916 

We went looking for the dud that must have come down last night. Didn't find it, 
but found something even the amen wallah7 probably can't explain. Strangest 
looking crater I've ever seen, was shaped like a giant hoof. 

July 3rd, 1916 

Huns made a push today, first time they've moved in our region. First time I'd 
ever seen combat. It's not romantic and adventurous. It's terrifying, and 
deadly. My hands can't stop shaking, already messed up the chit8 once. The Huns 
had our outfit up against a wall, damn near overran us, didn't help that it 
rained the night before making our fox hole filled to the brim with muck. One of 
the Fritz came right at me…just…I put one right between his eyes. Fell right 
at the edge of the trench, and had to look him in the eyes, poor lad couldn't 
have been more than 17 or 18. 

Martin, one of those Irish lads, is gone. Was unlike anything I'd ever seen, one 
moment he's standing shooting at the Huns, all of the sudden, the mud starts 
boiling. Fore anyone can react, Mud just flies everywhere, everyone else is 
suddenly knocked down off their feet. I look up, the wanker's just gone. Wasn't 
even body parts left. Haven't told anyone…but I'd swear that there was bones 
coming up from underneath him right before the mud went flying. His mate, 
Brendan, was digging in the mud for hours, looking for the crucifix. 

July 14th & 15th, 1916 

Huns tried to push this morning in the rain. I was in the machine gun nest with 
Brendan, the other Irish chap in my unit. They kept coming and coming, and 
getting stuck in the mud, and I just kept shooting. 

Sun is rising. I'm on watch till 8, at least that's what the Brasshat said. I've 
started losing track of how much times been passing. There's something out 
there. Something lurking out in the mud and dead Huns. Nearly dozed off last 
night, listening to the moans of the blighty wounded stuck out in No-man's land. 
Poor bastards got left behind. Saw something out of the edge of my vision, 
something big. Couldn't quite make it out, it was much darker than usual, 
overcast sky was obscuring the full moon. Heard a couple of screams, but 
whatever it was was gone before my flare hit the sky. 

July 30th, 1916 

I've been seeing them at the edge of my vision, ever since that first night. 
They're huge, but they move so damn fast that they're gone before I can get a 
clear look. Or at least, that's how it was mucking out until today. Thick fog 
and mist rolled in this morning, blanketed everything. We figured the Huns might 
use it to launch another push. Bastards have been pushing non-stop since the 
20th. Saw it, through the fog, looked like a shadow, hiding in the mist. Some 
sort of Horse like creature, with a something dragging along the ground, and a 
giant lump where the rider would sit…cept the lump started moving. Could have 
sworn it was a person, or something that looked like a person. Sat up, and the 
things dragging along the ground reached out in front of it and picked up 
something, thought it was a couple dead Jerry's…until they started squirming. 
I'll never forget the noise it made. Louder than a banshee, shrill and twisted. 

It looked right at me. Two pairs of red glowing orbs. 

August 5th 

Brendan calls them Nuckelavees. Won't tell me much more than that. Beginning to 
understand why all these blokes looked so terrified when I first arrived. 

August 13th 

Bloody hell. Bloody hell. They're nightmares. Been on watch two nights in a row, 
one just…appeared right there, right in front of me. 20 feet, had to be at 
least 20 feet away. Towered into the sky. Got my flare to go off in time to see 
it pick up a couple wounded Jerry's in the mud. They don't have bloody skin. 
There's just muscle, and fat. The thing on its back…wasn't human, no way could 
it be human. Had no skin either, no legs, just merged straight into the horse at 
the stomach. I took a couple shots at it with my rifle…did absolutely nothing, 
like I was shooting it with a sling shot. It stopped soon as my flare reached 
its highest point, and turned. Looked straight down at me, both the horse and 
the…thing on its back. It smiled. 

August 17th 1916 

Been assigned night watch the past four nights straight. Tried to tell the brass 
hat about the nuckelavees. Didn't believe me. Said it was the shell shock 
playing with my head. Had to put a sock in it, and keep on. 

It keeps coming back. Every night. Same spot, 20 feet in front of me. Picks up 
wounded Jerry's, turns and looks…and then it's gone. It's playing with me, I'm 
sure of it. Last night there was another one too. Four of those things on its 
back, did the same damn thing. 

7:00 A.M. August 20th 1916 

Jerry's made a big push yesterday. Rained two days ago, all day, so the muck was 
deep. We were on the machinegun again in the pillbox. So many of them in 
no-man's land last night, couldn't tell the dead from the living. Haven't slept 
in six days. There were five tonight. Three of them had more than one of 
those…things on their back. The one that keeps coming back…dropped 
something. Saw it shine in the flare light. 

10:00 A.M. August 20th 1916 

Went out into the mud where it appears every night. Found Martin's crucifix and 
tin hat. 

August 20th 1916 

They're getting bold, saw one out in broad daylight. Pretty sure it was the same 
one. Buried itself in the mud, just lying there…waiting. 

We're going over the top at three. There are more out there now…all doing the 
same thing…god help us. 

Official records show that Dave Harkand was declared MIA on August 20th, 
following a failed British counterattack against the German trenches. Additional 
queries have revealed that one Brendan O'Malley within the same unit was also 
reported MIA on the same date. Harkand's Journal was found 20 feet from the edge 
of the German trenches, two months after he disappeared. 



Footnotes 

1. Which causes these appendages to drag along the ground during the entity's 
movements. 

2. Common tactics include ambushes, luring, property destruction, and 
psychological manipulation. 

3. Such individuals describe SCP-3456 "stomping" and "breathing", in close 
proximity to where they were concealed, for hours before appearing to give up, 
only to return once they had emerged from their place of refuge. 

4. The conditions and exact number of people SCP-3456 requires to reach 
satisfaction are unknown, and appear to vary between individual appearances. 

5. British slang for overly enthusiastic. 

6. British slur for the Irish. 

7. British Military slang for a Chaplain. 

8. British slang for paper. 




Incident Log I-3456-032

WARNING, ATTEMPTED ACCESS DETECTED. SCANNING FOR PROPER CREDENTIALS.

CREDENTIALS RECOGNIZED. LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE GRANTED.

The following incident details an SCP-3456 manifestation in Fukushima,
Japan, following the 2011 Earthquake. Several Foundation
reconnaissance teams were deployed, following the evacuation of the
city, to assess whether or not the earthquake had been caused by an
anomaly. SCP-3456 manifested in several locations during and shortly
after the quake, resulting in 2,562 missing persons. Foundation
reconnaissance personnel were not expected to encounter SCP-3456, as
manifestations had ceased in the prohibited zone 64 hours after the
majority of the civilian population was evacuated.

Incident Log I-3456-32

Log Date: 18th March 2011 14:00:00 hours

Foreword: Reconnaissance teams were deployed in squads of 4, with one
member of each team possessing helmet-mounted camera equipment. The
following log details the events surrounding Squad 3. 3 of the 8 teams
were noted to have encountered SCP-3456; however, the cameras for
Squads 1 and 6 were destroyed early during interaction with SCP-3456
entities. This log is a transcript of the audio and visual feeds
between Squad 3 and Command. Other members of the squad were not
subject to audio communications between Commander Bryans1 and the
communications officer.

Begin Log

[The helmet mounted camera is switched on as the reconnaissance squad
departs the helicopter transport. The street depicted both in front
and behind the unit, as the camera swerves with the operatives head,
is noted to have sustained significant structural damage, with many
visible points where the concrete has buckled or split apart.]

Bryans: This is reconnaissance squad 3, Orange Leader. Command, do you
read?

Command: We read you Orange Leader.

[The feed turns to the left and the right, noting two other
individuals, each equipped with standard field agent equipment.]

Bryans: Mic check?

Lopez: Lopez reporting.

Chou: Check, Check, is this thing working?

Byers: Reading you loud and clear, Commander.

[Bryans is seen pointing at the screen.]

Bryans: Command, is the camera in Byers' helmet transmitting?

Command: We're getting clear transmission from the camera. Navigation
is sending you coordinates. Agents Lopez and Chou have been provided
Kant counters. Remember, any deviation from the norm is grounds for
further investigation. Should you encounter an anomaly, radio its
location and containment teams will be deployed. Under no
circumstances is your squad to engage an anomaly. From this point
forward, communications with Command will be directed to you.

Bryans: Roger, Command.

[The camera tilts slightly downward, pointing at a square device on
Agent Byers wrist.]

Bryans: Ok, our target is 3 clicks south. We'll have to cross the
Arakawa river here. Chou, Lopez, I want those Kant counters counting
as we're moving. The moment those levels look weird, you say
something, got it?

Lopez: Yes sir!

Chou: Got it.

Bryans: Byers you stick close to me.

[For the next 10 minutes, Squad 3 moves through five blocks of damaged
buildings and roadways, with no signs of anomalous activity.]

Lopez: Hey boss, my counter just got a huge spike.

Chou: Was about to say, my needle went all the way into the red for
about three seconds.

[Bryans holds up his hand to stop; the reconnaissance members stop in
the street. Byers moves slowly in a 360 degree arc as she attempts to
locate the source of the elevated Hume readings.]

Bryans: Command, you got all that right?

Command: We got it Orange Leader. We're not picking up anything on the
visual or au-

[At this point Command noted the presence of a dull, rhythmic thumping
noise. Intensity of the thumps indicated a distance of roughly 300 m
between the source of the disturbance and the camera's microphone.]

Bryans: Command?

Command: Please hold your position, Orange Leader.

Lopez: Boss, do you hear that?

[The sound is noted to have grown slightly louder, and decreased in
distance from 300 to 250 meters away.]

Chou: Sounds like a horse walking on pavement.

[The camera begins another 360 degree arc as Agent Byers scans the
surrounding environment. The noise abruptly ends after two minutes of
continuous increase in intensity.]

[A crash is heard, and the camera swivels 180 degrees. Lopez's Kant
counter can be seen on the pavement, glass shattered.]

Lopez: Holy shit.

Chou: Commander…

Bryans: Command, we might have a problem.

[The camera pans up from the Kant counter on the ground, and captures
SCP-3456 standing in an intersection 200 m away. The camera zooms in
on the entity, and Command notes the translucent skin, and fused human
torso in the middle of the horse's back. The torso appears to remain
limp and motionless for approximately 30 seconds.]

Bryans: Command, believe we have identified the entity responsible for
the quake.

Command: Negative Orange Leader. SCP-3456 is not responsible for the
earthquake. [The communications officer begins talking to one of the
higher clearance reconnaissance Command officials] O'Donnel! We have
an SCP-3456 manifestation!

Bryans: What? That's 3456? What is it doing here?

[The torso begins to move, slowly straightening into an upright
position. Its arms begin swinging, damaging or destroying several
structures around it, and drawing Bryans' attention.]

Command: Orange Leader, Command has authorized a UAV drone strike.
Move your team out of the street and into the high-rise two buildings
to your left.

Bryans: Roger Command.

[The camera focuses on Bryan for another five seconds as he turns to
address the squad, before focusing on the entity. SCP-3456 has stopped
moving its arms. The entity turns towards the reconnaissance team. It
emits a loud vocalization for approximately five seconds.]

Command: Orange Leader, get your team out of there! It's seen you!

Bryans points to the side street, and the camera swivels in that
direction bringing a large high-rise into frame.

Bryans: Everybody move! Now!

[The camera begins to shake, and tilts down as Byers briefly looks at
the ground, before returning to a level view. The feed swivels to the
left briefly, and captures the approaching UAV drone, before swiveling
to the right. The entity can be seen charging towards the squad,
appendages reaching towards the screen. The UAV drone is seen as a
blur by the camera, and there is an explosion, as the entity emits a
wail and disappears beneath a cloud of smoke.]

Bryans: Will that kill it, Regina?

Command: No, George. It only slows it down.

[The squad enters the high-rise, and begins climbing the stairs. The
camera stops shaking as the squad stops on the 8th floor of the
building.]

Bryans: Regina, why the hell is it here.

Command: [An argument can be heard between the communications officer
and the head of reconnaissance.2]

[The screen begins vibrating excessively, and the sound of SCP-3456
approaching the building can be heard. Bryans is seen directing the
squad members to the door of a large utility closet. As Byers closes
the door behind them, the video feed displays a shadow blocking out
the light of the window.]

[The camera is switched, temporarily, to night vision by Byers. The
camera vibrates four more times, before the sound of SCP-3456
approaching stops. The entity can be heard breathing heavily outside
the window.]

Bryans: Regina, come in Regina.

Command: [The previously mentioned argument can still be heard.]

Bryans: God Dammit.

Lopez: Wish we had a way to see what that thing is doing out there.

Bryans: We do have a camera.

Byers: I am not sticking my head outside that door.

Chou: Hey this is a utility closet right?

Lopez: Yeah.

Chou: Byers, is there a broom in here.

[Lens turns to the left, and a broom can be seen.]

Byers: Yeah, right next to you.

Chou: Toss me your helmet.

[The screen wobbles, and is inverted as Agent Byers removes her helmet
and hands it to Agent Chou. The camera shakes several times, the click
of a flashlight and the sound of tape being torn can be heard.]

[The feed stops shaking, and there is a tapping noise.]

Chou: Ah good, this should let us see what's going on. You've got your
remote display on right?

Bryans: We'll be able to see what it's doing out there. Good thinking
Chou. Whatever it is I hope it's fucked right off.

Byers: Innovative as always.

[The feed wobbles back and forth, and the sound of the closet door
creaking open can be heard. Night vision is disabled as the lens
begins detecting light coming through the window. The entity's hands
grip the side of the windows, and its face comes into frame from the
left. Its eyes move back and forth several times. The entity breaths
out briefly, fogging the lens of the camera. It emits a vocalization,
causing the camera to drop to the floor. The door is heard slamming
shut with the force of the vocalization. The entity lingers in the
window for a moment, before releasing the sides, and disappearing from
view.]

[SCP-3456's shadow begins moving away from the building and out of
frame. The camera shakes, and is slowly pulled back into the utility
closet. The camera shakes for 60 seconds before it is handed back to
Agent Byers. Three minutes pass before SCP-3456 can no longer be
heard. The other three squad members appear visibly shaken by the
preceding events.]

Command: Orange Leader, is your squad still intact.

Bryans: Regina, what the hell is going on.

Command: You, and two of the other squads, have encountered SCP-3456.
It wasn't supposed to be here.

Bryans: Supposed to be? The hell was Command thinking sending us in
without confirmation.

Command: George, this line is being monitored.

Bryans: I don't give a damn. You put me and my team in a hotzone, with
a hostile entity that isn't supposed to be here. I need to inform
them.

Command: You can't do that Orange Leader, the security cle-

Bryans: Security clearance be damned, we just stared a demon in the
face. You think I give a damn about bureaucratic procedures right now?

[10 seconds of radio silence pass.]

Command: You can't tell them what it is.

Bryans: God dammit Regina.

Command: You can tell them what it doesn't like.

[5 seconds of silence.]

Bryans: Are you talking about…

Command: Fresh water.

[15 seconds of silence.]

Bryans: That's helpful Regina, what are we supposed to do, splash a
bottle of water on it and watch it melt?

Command: George, if you get to the bridge over Arakawa, it won't be
able to follow.

[Bryans looks down at the display device on his wrist, which lights
up.]

Bryans: Regina, the crossing is still 1.5 clicks away. We'll never
make it there.

Command: Give me a second.

[30 seconds pass in silence. Bryans' display lights up again, followed
by those of the other three squad members. The video feed tilts down.]

Command: Your original route took you across the Arakawa, upstream at
a narrow point. I've rerouted you to a closer crossing, at the rivers
widest point. It's about 1 km out, and should take about 15 minutes,
if you use the buildings for cover. The helo is already en-route.

Bryans: Roger Command…what is the status of the other two teams?

Command: [Muffled chatter] We've lost contact.

[He turns and looks at each member of the group, before facing Byers.]

Bryans: Anne, I need you to poke your head out the door, make sure
that thing isn't out there.

[Perspective shifts slightly as Byers looks out the closet door.
SCP-3456 is not seen.]

Byers: All clear sir.

Bryans: Ok, so here's the deal folks. We got something out there that
isn't supposed to be here. Command has our evac en-route, but we need
to get over the Arakawa for them to do that.

Chou: Any particular reason for that? Why can't they just pick us up
here?

Bryans: You saw what it can do. Command doesn't want to risk a chopper
getting knocked out of the sky. That thing can't cross freshwater. The
widest point of the river is 1 km south. We stick to the shadows, and
move fast and quiet. That's all you need to know for now.

[Bryans is seen giving the signal to move out. The squad spends the
next 15 minutes moving between different buildings. The squad stops
approximately 50 yards from the bridge, a few meters from a large
intersection. The frame pans from left to right in a 360 arc as Byers
surveys the surrounding buildings. There is no sign of SCP-3456.]

Bryans: Command, we're 50 yards from the bridge. No sign of the
entity.

Command: The helo should be on the bridge, can you see it?

[Byers turns to the front, and the camera zooms in, capturing a CH-47
Chinook helicopter on the bridge.]

Bryans: Roger Command, we see it.

Lopez: Sweet Mary, Mother of Jesus we're saved.

[The squad begins walking forward, but stops. The camera experiences
several severe vibrations, and a ticking noise begins as Chou's Kant
counter buzzes in alarm.]

[SCP-3456 emerges from the street to their left, five meters ahead and
turns so that it directly faces the reconnaissance squad. The torso
leans down on the right side, and both the horse and the human torso
emit a vocalization. From the bridge small arms fire can be heard, and
seen colliding with the entity's skin. Two RPGs collide with the
entity along its neck to no effect.]

Bryans: Son of a bitch was waiting for us.

Chou: What do we do now?

[The camera moves down to Bryans, who pulls two canisters from his
belt, stun grenades.]

Bryans: We run.

[Bryans flips the pin on the grenades and looks back at the squad.]

Bryans: Shield your eyes. Hey ugly!

[Bryans throws the grenades into the air, and begins running forwards.
Byers looks down to avoid the flash. There is a bang, and the entity
is heard wailing. Byers looks back up, Lopez and Bryans can be seen in
front, They've nearly reached the bridge. The camera turns slightly to
the left, and Chou can be seen running alongside Byers.]

[The feed suddenly spins. Byers is level with the ground, and begins
sliding backwards. The camera lifts up, and Byers can be heard
screaming. Perspective tilts up, and shows the entity's hand wrapped
around Byers' left leg. Byers head tilts back to a more level angle,
depicting her ascent into the air as she continues screaming. The
camera stops moving up, and focuses on SCP-3456's face, at which time
it is noted to be smiling. The lens attempts to focus on something
embedded within the entities forehead, and zooms in. A golden
crucifix, and a World War 1 British infantry helmet can be seen before
the camera feed terminates.]

End log

Postword: Time-stamps from visual footage indicate that SCP-3456
demanifested at the termination of the video feed. Agents Anne Byers,
and Louzon Chou have been declared missing, and remain unaccounted
for.



Footnotes

1. Who was briefed on SCP-3456 during evacuation efforts, but failed
to encounter any manifestations.

2. Other communications officers present later reported that the
debate pertained to whether or not the situation superseded the higher
level classification of SCP-3456's documentation, and thus required
full briefing of the team.


