                                    SCP-2786                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Archetype                                  
                                 -------------                                  

NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following documentation has been flagged as COMPROMISED by SCP-2786's 
effects. Due to the nature of the anomaly, this has been deemed safe for reading 
for the time being. However, contents of the article may fluctuate between 
readings and may or may not be considered accurate at this time. Click below to 
initiate recalibration sequence. 

We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.


Item #: SCP-2786

Object Class: Euclid Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2786 is currently considered uncontained and 
is to be apprehended immediately. SCP-2786 is currently held within a 
provisional enhanced containment complex, as per review of the Site-180 
Director. Due to the nature of SCP-2786, all personnel assigned to the study and 
reconnaissance of the anomaly are to exhibit extreme caution during testing. 

Description: SCP-2786 is the designation for a metaphysical entity 
narrative-based bipedal humanoid of indeterminate age, sex and appearance. 
SCP-2786 will be idiosyncratically perceived by any being that interacts with 
it, varying in traits from interaction to interaction. SCP-2786 displays 
symptoms of narcissistic personality disorder and appears fantasy-prone, often 
having difficulty distinguishing between internal landscapes, narrative works 
and physical being. 

SCP-2786's nature was first brought to the attention of the Foundation when 
several forms of horror media were found to have been illegally altered in a 
means that did not coincide with standard editing equipment. Upon closer 
observation, all narratives altered in this manner involved substantially 
changing the plot to include SCP-2786, who is always perceived as a protagonist 
or "Deus ex machina" character. SCP-2786's presence within a story ultimately 
disrupts the flow of events, leading to completely different (and often 
positive) endings. SCP-2786's actions within various media suggests it may have 
a mild form of precognition or anomalous intuition, often preventing characters 
from progressing the plot in a way that avoids danger entirely. 


Addendum 2786-1-1A: List of alterations

Affected Works	

Notable Alterations


The Shining (Film), 1980	

Film is without alteration until halfway through, during a scene in
which two characters venture into a hedge maze; SCP-2786 is seen
briefly in the background, apparently observing the individuals.
Entity moves off camera and is not seen until twenty minutes later.
SCP-2786 reappears in the Overlook Hotel, approaching antagonist Jack
Torrence from behind. Torrence is drinking heavily and conversing with
the ghost of a dead bartender. SCP-2786 takes Torrence's drink from
him, pours it out, and hits him over the head with the glass. The rest
of the Torrence family is escorted off the premises by SCP-2786 and
into the blizzard. Camera cuts to epilogue, Danny and Wendy Torrence
in a new studio apartment and apparently doing well. Movie ends
forty-five minutes early.


Silent Hill (Film), 2006	

SCP-2786 manifests early on, warning main character Rose not to bring
her daughter to Silent Hill. After it becomes apparent that they are
adamant about going, SCP-2786 frowns and disappears off camera. Some
time later, Rose goes to start her car only to find it non-functioning
for an unknown reason. Unable to make the trip, Rose and her daughter
stay inside and build a one thousand piece jigsaw puzzle of a
lighthouse until the movie abruptly ends.


House of Leaves (Novel), 2000	

SCP-2786 appears in the Navidson metanarrative, confronting Karen and
insisting she and her family avoid moving to Ash Tree Lane. Karen
convinces her husband and the Navidson Record ceases to exist for the
remainder of the story. Narrator/protagonist Johnny Truant is no
longer negatively affected by the material, going on to describe his
life at the tattoo parlor, which seems relatively improved by
SCP-2786's presence. Entity is referred to as "HERO" throughout the
story, which ends three hundred pages early. 


Cabin in the Woods (Film), 2012	

While not seen right away, SCP-2786 appears shortly into the film,
posing as one of the group of college kids heading to a remote cabin
for a vacation. No characters refer to the entity by name or gender,
but do not seem fazed by its presence and react candidly. SCP-2786
attempts to stop the characters from interacting with one of the many
cursed items in the basement of the cabin, including the diary of one
Patience Buckner, an event that would otherwise go on to resurrect the
undead corpses of her and her family. Unfortunately, SCP-2786 was
unable to keep one of the main characters, Marty, from inspecting a
set of negatives on a vintage projector reel, setting in motion the
release of a large lycanthrope which proceeds to maul one of the
teenagers. SCP-2786 appears to pull entity off of character, grabbing
a spoon from a set of vintage silver cutlery found conveniently nearby
and repeatedly stabbing it until it expires. Film ends without mention
of B plot, the final scene detailing their escape from the woods and
recounting of the event from the table of a fast-food restaurant in
what is presumably a future date.


Amnesia: The Dark Descent (Video game), 2010	

In affected copy of the game, player was greeted by SCP-2786 when the
protagonist Daniel awakens on the floor of the castle without his
memory. SCP-2786 addresses the character directly and not the player,
insisting they "Sit this one out". SCP-2786 proceeds to progress into
Castle Brennenberg, the camera following it despite no further
dialogue on the character's end, suggesting they were left behind.
Player is unable to control any game functions aside from pausing the
game, during which SCP-2786 is seen loitering in the background and
appearing impatient. Completion of game by SCP-2786 is done swiftly,
the entity brute-forcing most puzzles and interacting with the
environment in a way that is not possible for the player. Upon
encountering a Gatherer, SCP-2786 is heard snorting before brandishing
a handgun from an unknown source, which proves effective in
terminating the usually impervious enemies. Game proceeds in this
manner until it confronts and kills main antagonist Alexander
Brennenberg, after which it appears to flex for no one in particular,
sigh, and then walk off camera. Game credits roll shortly thereafter.


Incident Log 2786-1-1A:

On ██/██/████, three days before scheduled monthly terminations 
and reassignment, SCP-2786 appeared to manifest onsite without warning. Subject 
remained cooperative for the most part, but was generally considered obdurate 
and unlikable. 

Although seemingly incorporeal, SCP-2786 exhibited an apparent blending of 
reality, narrative causality and internal fantasy. Hume readings of SCP-2786 
reveal little difference from baseline, yet the anomaly behaves and interacts 
with reality in a way that warps the flow of events to follow what appears to be 
standard narrative cohesion. It is unknown how SCP-2786 managed to manifest 
itself within the Foundation, but there has been some hypothesis on the nature 
of the subject. 


Addendum 2786-1-2A: Interview Logs

Interviewee: SCP-2786

Interviewer: Agent Markus Mcclanahan

Note: This was the first and only recording of a willing interview between 
SCP-2786 and Foundation personnel. 

[BEGIN LOG]

Agent Mcclanahan: Alright, this is a bit impromptu, but, given the 
circumstances, I think you at least owe us some answers. 

SCP-2786: Straight to the point, I like it. Works for me too, I have business 
elsewhere. 

Agent Mcclanahan: Business? What kind of business?

SCP-2786: The hero's work is never done.

Agent Mcclanahan: So, you're a hero then?

SCP-2786: Am. Always been. Is that what this is about?

Agent Mcclanahan: Not quite. How did you end up in our facility?

SCP-2786: What, this chop shop? Same way I find myself in any other place. I go 
where I'm called upon. 

Agent Mcclanahan: So, who called upon you?

SCP-2786: [laughs] Those in distress. The suffering. Is this really not making 
any sense to you? I'm the champion. It's what I do. 

Agent Mcclanahan: Is that what you were doing when we found you in the horror 
flicks? And the books? 
SCP-2786: The what now?

Agent Mcclanahan: Where- where you were before you manifested here.
SCP-2786: Ah, you meant the campground? Camp Crystal Lake.

Agent Mcclanahan: Yes, that's the one.

SCP-2786: That one's actually a funny story. See, I usually have a rough time 
with the bigger guys, sometimes even I worry I won't make it out when the 
baddies are Eldritch horrors or whathaveyou. These teenagers, I can't even 
believe they needed me to dispatch one guy for them. I have more important 
things to do than babysit a few kids who made the mistake of ignoring all the 
obvious warning signs. This guy comes lumbering out of the woods, burly fella, 
big ol' knife in hand. I barely broke a sweat kicking his mask in. 

Agent Mcclanahan: I saw that, yes.

SCP-2786: You were there?

Agent Mcclanahan: Not exactly, no.

SCP-2786: Huh. So, is that it? Can I go?

Agent Mcclanahan: We still have a few more things to discuss-

SCP-2786: Listen, I've been pretty cordial considering, I usually get right to 
work but honestly you guys have been holding me up from the get-go. I'm here for 
a reason, you know. 

Agent Mcclanahan: Right, right, the suffering. Who might they be?

SCP-2786: I think you know. It's better if you don't, anyway.

[SCP-2786 promptly stands up and phases through the wall on its left. 
Containment breach alarms trigger shortly thereafter.] 

Following the events of the interview, Site-180's humanoid containment wing and 
seven of its ten D-Class personnel cell blocks were found breached by an unknown 
source. SCP-2786 is suspected to have been involved in the event. Approximately 
███ D-Class and █ humanoid anomalies were found missing from their 
chambers. SCP-2786 remains at large. 

SCP-2786 was detected less than forty-eight hours later, attempting to save 
characters in a Blu-Ray copy of Saw IV in the Site-180 employee lounge. The 
affected copy was played on a loop until its current containment measures were 
devised. SCP-2786 has been placed in its enhanced narrative complex and 
containment is considered a success. 


