                                    SCP-1663                                    
                                    ========                                    

                            Containment Site 1663-0                             
                            -----------------------                             

Item #: SCP-1663 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Data pertaining to research performed at 
Containment Site 1663-0 may only be disseminated to personnel assigned to 
Containment Site 1663-0 or with prior permission from at least two (2) senior 
researchers. Duty assignments at Containment Site 1663-0 are not to exceed two 
(2) weeks in length, and all personnel must be administered Class B amnestics 
prior to being transferred off-site. 

Description: SCP-1663 is the special duty assignment for personnel assigned to 
Containment Site 1663-0, located near [REDACTED]. The research performed at 
Containment Site 1663-0 is considered a Euclid-class infohazard, thus 
necessitating the extraordinary containment requirements outlined in this 
document. 

The data isolation of SCP-1663 was approved on [REDACTED] by the then-retiring 
O5-█, whose immediate retirement and subsequent mandatory amnestic 
administration was considered not in violation of standing regulations 
prohibiting the exposure of O5 Council members to SCP objects. 

Since then, ████ (█) separate retiring O5 Council members have upheld 
the established containment procedures for SCP-1663. 

Personnel assigned to SCP-1663 may continue on to the Additional Documentation 
for SCP-1663 Personnel. 


Additional Documentation For SCP-1663 Personnel

Item #: SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 is contained in a
secure locker at Containment Site 1663-0. Dissemination of the
existence of SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 or any information related to it is
forbidden as per SCP-1663 protocols, and personnel assigned to
SCP-1663 or SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 must be administered Class B amnestics
prior to being transferred off-site following the maximum allowed
assignment length of two (2) weeks.

Description: SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 is a Lady Liberty five-dollar coin
minted in 1880, consisting primarily of gold with trace impurities of
[DATA EXPUNGED]. Its anomalous effect is triggered whenever any human
subject observes, touches, or is otherwise informed of
SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0's existence. The nature of this object does not need
to be explained; simply identifying it by name is sufficient.

Within approximately three (3) weeks of exposure to SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0,
affected subjects begin to develop a pathological revulsion to the
ownership, restraint, or containment of any material wealth. Affected
subjects will begin by donating or gifting all of their possessions,
while attempting to convince others to relinquish their possessions.
After approximately six (6) weeks, subjects will show increasing
hostility towards others with material possessions, eventually
culminating with a refusal to take possession of any material
whatsoever, even food or water, after which subjects typically
dehydrate and starve unless sedated and given sustenance
intravenously. The only known preventative measure is to administer an
amnestic of at least Class B strength prior to manifestation of
initial symptoms.

SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 was re-designated following O5-█'s attempt to order
the release of all SCP objects contained worldwide. Fortunately, O5-█
was the only O5 Council member with knowledge of SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 at
the time, and was successfully terminated after his order was
rescinded by other O5 Council members. At the time, SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0
was designated SCP-[REDACTED]; its current designation was
specifically created to remove it from standard Foundation object
databases and to prevent its positive identification by any personnel
other than those at Containment Site 1663-0.

SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0's current containment procedures are to be reviewed
by retiring O5 Council members within two (2) weeks of their
retirement and mandatory amnestic administration. To date, ████ (█)
retiring O5 council members briefed on SCP-Ksi-Lambda-0 have
unanimously chosen to uphold the existing containment procedures.


