                                    SCP-5074                                    
                                    ========                                    

                       Childhoods End, and Bubbles Burst                         
                       ---------------------------------                          

Item #: SCP-5074 

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5074 is to be kept within a low-security 
simian containment enclosure and supplied with a typewriter, writing utensils, 
and paper. Requests made by SCP-5074 for further amenities are to be vetted by 
the resident Simian Containment Director. 

All anomalous phenomena documented by SCP-5074 are to be researched and 
contained by MTF Epsilon-4 ("Ape's Men"). In the event that SCP-5074 documents 
an anomaly using a previously undiscovered esoteric object class, said 
classification is to be added to the Foundation Esoteric-Class Database. 

Additional Note: In a joint effort with GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions), 
SCP-5074 has been transferred to Enclosure 03 at Wilson's Wildlife Center to 
improve its morale and ensure continued cooperation. All documentation produced 
by SCP-5074 pertaining to anomalies and anomalous phenomena are to be analyzed 
by Foundation operatives working at Enclosure 03. 

Description: SCP-5074 is an adult male chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes) displaying 
advanced sapience. The entity is capable of reading and writing in English, 
Arabic, Bantu, and Swahili, and is fluent in Tanzanian Sign Language. 

SCP-5074 possesses extensive knowledge of human and world history, as well as a 
wide variety of topics; most notably anomalous phenomena. SCP-5074 is capable of 
explaining and writing documentation for anomalies unknown to the Foundation, 
and often does so without any instruction. The means by which SCP-5074 gains 
knowledge of anomalous phenomena is unknown. 

To date, SCP-5074 has contributed 240 documents relating to novel anomalies to 
the Foundation. 


Memo 354

15/04/2014

Sender	Michael Kilger	

Recipient	Duncan Ayers

Hey Duncan, I found this in that chimp's cage and I thought you'd get a kick out 
of it. Dunno how it got the knack for writing like the Skippers — maybe it 
wants to stay with them, who knows? ;) 

Marshall, Carter and Dark, LLP
 

Memo 355

15/04/2014

Sender	Duncan Ayers	

Recipient	Michael Kilger

Ha, why don't you ask it?

Marshall, Carter and Dark, LLP
…

I'm not my father.

…

I wouldn't trade this box for another.


Critter Profile: Gamma!

Overview!


Species: Pan troglodytes (Chimpanzee)

Primary Caretaker: Terrestrial Team, Thomas Mokasa

Diet: Seeds, berries, fruit, insects, and red meat

Housed: Wilson's Wildlife Center, Enclosure 03

Creature Features!

Gamma is our name for a very special chimp friend we have here at Enclosure 03! 
18 years old and weighing in at 76 pounds, Gamma is a real energetic and 
friendly (we go so far as saying "great") ape. But be warned — there's more to 
Gamma than her friendly demeanor, and even though she doesn't mean it she might 
end up hurting you badly if you're not careful! That's why all Wilson's 
employees must wear a radiation safety suit when interacting with Gamma or 
entering her enclosure. 

If you're wondering why, it's because our Gamma has a very special defense 
mechanism up her sleeve — when she's threatened or stressed out, she can make 
anything she touches emit radiation at an excess of 600 Roentgens! With an 
ability like that, you'd think Gamma would have to stay away from other chimps 
— but for reasons we don't really understand, Gamma's radiation is only 
dangerous to people, so she's perfectly fine socializing. She's also been a 
sweetheart to all her handlers so far, and will only lash out if you 
deliberately bother her, so… don't be a meanie! 

History!

We first found Gamma in the Tanzanian jungle, caring for a community of 
non-anomalous chimps in Gombe National Park. After reports of park rangers and 
caretakers getting sick with symptoms of radiation poisoning, the Terrestrial 
Team were called in to investigate. After a fair bit of coaxing, we were finally 
able to safely move Gamma to Wilson's Wildlife Center and introduce her to some 
new chimp friends. 

Special Needs and Accommodations!

Chimpanzees are social critters, and Gamma is no exception. We've put together a 
whole community of very special chimps in Enclosure 03, and she seems to be 
getting along really well with them! It's also important that she remains in a 
calm and stress-free environment, because we still don't know how much she can 
control her abilities. 

Notes about Gamma!

We've actually got a bit of good news from the SCP Foundation, of all people! 
They've agreed to send us their SCP-5074 to improve his morale and to help him 
write. He and Gamma seem to be hitting it off real well…could this be love? 

…

I…

I miss her.

I miss them both.

…


Memo 406

17/04/2014

Sender	Michael Kilger	

Recipient	Duncan Ayers

That damn ape never ceases to surprise me. This time it's doing its best 
impression of those insufferable animal-rights pillocks — and it looks like 
it's written itself an imaginary girlfriend to keep it company! X-D 

Marshall, Carter and Dark, LLP
 

Memo 407

17/04/2014

Sender	Duncan Ayers	

Recipient	Michael Kilger

That chimp's really quite something, isn't it? Shame that it isn't co-operative. 
If what we've got in mind doesn't end up working out, we could definitely try 
getting it to write a novel! Anyway, keep these pics coming, because they're 
utterly goddamn hysterical. 

Marshall, Carter and Dark, LLP
 
…

Girlfriend? I don't have an Oedipus complex.

…

And I'd never write a novel.

…

I don't write fiction.


