                                    SCP-5120                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                [Access Denied]                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-5120 

Object Class: Neutralized 

Special Containment Procedures: Due to mass neutralization in the form of a 
cure, SCP-5120 instances at large no longer need any special containment 
procedures. While instances of SCP-5120 are found worldwide, they no longer 
affect humans. 

SCP-5120-A however, requires a clearance level of 3 to apply for access. 
Approval for access is gained by a 2/3 majority vote by the O-5 council. 
SCP-5120-A is to be kept within a VC-Prima box locked at Control Level 101. The 
parent compound of SCP-5120-A is kept in Site 14 sublevel-05, and removal of the 
parent compound from its VC-Prima box is strictly forbidden. Removal of the 
parent compound of SCP-5120-A from it's VC-Prima Box will result in disciplinary 
action up to and including termination. 

In attempt to not misuse or misplace SCP-5120-A, all use of SCP-5120-A requires 
replication of the compound. Means of replication for SCP-5120-A is provided by 
the O-5 council after approval to access SCP-5120-A is received. No more than 
3 20mL vials are to be manufactured at any given time, and any volume removed 
for SCP-5120-A replication must be returned to the parent compound as soon as 
possible. 

Description: SCP-5120 is a highly infectious, self-replicating cognitoborne 
virus. Timeline reconstruction suggests that SCP-5120 is capable of mutation, 
allowing it to infect various new host languages, and has already made the jump 
to non-word symbols. The words and symbols affected by SCP-5120 are completely 
identical to their unaffected counterparts. 

When a human is exposed to SCP-5120 and is aware that the host word or symbol 
has a meaning, they will become instances of SCP-5120-1. Directed thought 
towards the infected symbol is believed to feed SCP-5120, as well as allowing it 
to spread to other words and symbols within the vicinity of the SCP-5120-1 
instance. Testing also indicates that SCP-5120 can proliferate to new words 
without a host if they are in close enough proximity. This form of proliferation 
works at approximately 50 centimeters/day. 

When a human is exposed to SCP-5120 and is either illiterate or unaware that the 
symbol has meaning, the perception trigger is not activated, and virus will not 
take hold. 

Instances of SCP-5120-1 will begin to show symptoms roughly one hour after 
exposure. This hour of where the instance is asymptomatic is the infectious 
period. Once symptoms begin to show, instances have passed the infectious 
period. Symptoms of infection will appear in the following order: 

The SCP-5120-1 instance's eyes will dilate, instances report a general feeling 
of unrest. This marks the beginning of the infectious period. 

Instance will begin to continuously ponder the meaning of the symbol, typically 
beginning to vocalize their wonders, and occasionally requesting input from 
other individuals. The infectious period has passed, any words the instance 
comes in contact with will not be affected. 

Instances will keep their thoughts to themselves and will typically request 
paper and writing utensils. 

The SCP-5120-1 instance will forgo eating, drinking, and self-hygiene in favor 
of contemplating the meaning of the word or symbol. If left to ponder, the 
SCP-5120-1 instance will break their silence and give some exclamation regarding 
the SCP-5120 instance. Immediately after this exclamation, severe brain 
hemorrhaging occurs, usually resulting in the death of the SCP-5120-1 instance. 

Some instances will continue living past the initial hemorrhaging and commit 
various acts of aggression, usually linked to the idea that they were exposed 
to. This symptom is rare and not yet seen in laboratory experimentation, however 
multiple instances have been reported by MTFs. These instances will experience a 
second, more severe brain hemorrhage after a period of time, which will always 
result in the death of the instance. 

The timings that symptoms show vary from case to case, with the shortest span 
lasting under 5 hours, and the longest nearly 7 days. Longer cases tend to have 
the most aggressive subjects, and most severe brain hemorrhaging. 

Debate on the biological status of SCP-5120 is ongoing, as not only are viruses 
widely not considered to be alive, SCP-5120 does not seem to have any physical 
form (i.e. a capsid). 

SCP-5120-A is a green viscous liquid compound that can reverse the 
neutralization of SCP-5120 in the human it has been administered to. The parent 
compound is contained within a 100ml beaker labeled “antidote”. Subjects 
administered this compound will immediately show symptoms of SCP-5120 infection, 
even without being shown symbols or words. Vegetablized individuals do not show 
any symptoms when administered the compound. 


Addendum: 

The following was recovered by Research Assistant Nova Moreaux. Whilst searching 
through Site 14’s sublevel-05 for assets of Neutralized SCPs, she tripped over 
a loose floorboard that had been hiding a VC-Prima box. 

Within the box was an audio log of a series of tests and notes by former 
Foundation researchers Dr. Mary Fern and Dr. Robert Joel, a handwritten note by 
Dr. Joel, and the parent compound of SCP-5120-A. 

Test Log Alpha: 

Note: The following are transcriptions of the recovered audio recordings from a 
Foundation Issued AudioBox. It includes researchers' tests, notes, and the MTF 
engagements. 

Introduction 

Top scientists across all Sites, Areas, outlooks, and SCP Foundation facilities 
have been recruited to study SCP-5120. At the time of writing, all countries in 
Northwest and central Africa have been determined SCP-5120 hotspots, and 4 
countries in eastern Europe are considered high risk. As of yesterday morning, I 
have been nominated as the acting director of Site 14 until Director 
██████ can return to his duties. The O-5 council has approved this 
nomination and has given me temporary 5th level access to all files, research, 
notes, and facilities. 

Current information on this SCP include: 

It is known to be a memetic cognitohazard 

Containment procedures were enacted too late, and the spread is now too great to 
successfully contain 

The anomaly is not one specific word and can be any word 

Visual sight of the word is needed to trigger any symptomatic response. All 
other senses are unaffected. 

Governmental bodies worldwide have banned the use of paper, writing utensils, 
and any travel from home or shelter. Many governments are using military force 
on their own citizens to ensure these measures are being followed. The O-5 
council has also enacted these measure and many more across all sites. I am 
currently in Site 14, so are 22 doctors, 1 Mobile Task Force, 61 D-class, and 15 
other personnel. All other doctors above access level 3 have been given the same 
assignment as me, to develop a defense or cure to SCP-5120. All research is to 
be recorded on a FI-AudioBox2 provided to Site 14 yesterday via a specialized 
MTF. 

Specialized MTFs have orders from the O-5 to provide food, water, and other 
basic necessities to their designated site once every two weeks. In the event 
that their experiences should prove useful to our research, a copy of the data 
from the acting commander's FI-AudioBox will be uploaded to my own. 

All tests attached will take place in a 5m x 5m x 5m windowless standard testing 
unit. There is a speaker and camera mounted to the top southeastern corner of 
the room. All tests are monitored in a control room located in an adjacent room. 
Visual recording of the words and symbols containing the cognitohazard must be 
separately affected by SCP-5120, so monitoring does not require any level of 
censorship and may be conducted live. If quarantined correctly, these recordings 
should not be affected, and are considered to be safe to view. 

-Dr. Joel 


- MTF FI-AudioBox - Patient Zero Extraction 

The following transcribed audio recordings comes from acting Captain Thomas 
Hart's FI AudioBox. 

AUDIO LOG OF MTF GAMMA-3 "POLARIS GUIDANCE" 

DATE: 09/14/████ 

BRIEFING: This recovery mission transpired in ██████, Africa. MTF 
Gamma-3 "Polaris Guidance" sent to apprehend subject N'Bili Ogawii due to 
numerous claims of a pandemic believed to be caused by a memetic cognitohazard. 
MTF Gamma-3 has been provided with standard defense gear as well as 
cognitohazardous defense gear including: anti-cognitohazard symbol-scrambling 
goggles, extra flashbangs, smoke bombs, spray paint, an opaque sealable bag for 
sample collection, and an arm-mounted compact flamethrower. 

MTF BACKGROUND & MEMBERS: MTF Gamma-3 "Polaris Guidance" was created 
specifically for small-group silent recovery of cognitohazards. The group 
currently consists of four highly trained individuals: 

Thomas "Tommy" Hart, Captain 

Julia "Jules" Megani, Cultural Specialist & Translator 

Klint "Pyro" Cassidy, Technical Gear Specialist 

Dr. Leon "Lee" Prairie, Cognitohazard specialist 

NOTE: Remarkable events begin at the start of playback. Playback begins as the 
MTF is en route to Patient Zero. Additional details have also been provided by 
Captain Hart during debriefing. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

HART: All right, listen up! As you know, we were assigned to get in, get the 
girl, and get out. Any instances of the cognitohazard are to be incinerated or 
recovered. The O-5s want us to bring back at least one sample. 

CASSIDY: Yeah, yeah, use stealth and all. If it were up to me, we'd burn 'em 
all. Make our jobs a whole lot easier. 

PRAIRIE: Livin' up to the name, huh? 

HART: Well it ain't up to you, so let's just do this the right way. Don't need 
another Venice on our hands. 

Silence ensues for the next six and a half minutes. The vehicle comes to a halt. 

HART: Shades on. 

I put on my goggles and got out of the truck. The rest followed me out. Place 
was lookin' rough, smelled like death. 

MEGANI: I'm gonna get a read on what's going on here. 

She approached a group of natives and started conversing with them. Couldn't 
hear what they were sayin', even if I did I wouldn't know what it was. 

PRAIRIE: Does he know every language? 

HART: 24 languages. The locals are bound to know at least one of 'em. 

CASSIDY: Well they better find one fast, this place is about to become a 
dumpster fire. 

PRAIRIE: Looks like it already has. 

He was pointing at a building 'bout 50 meters away. The building was crumbled, 
smoke still coming from the rubble. They had burned it down recently. 

CASSIDY: Heh. My kind of people. 

I signaled Megani back. Figured she got enough from them. 

MEGANI: So, it seems like they think this girl is evil. She writes things and 
people die. She used to be the local artist, supposedly made some beautiful 
pieces. But… Something happened… They won't say. That's her house. I- I 
think they were the ones that burned it down… I wouldn't stare too long, 
everyone here is on edge. 

She motioned to the burned down house and took a peek over her shoulder at the 
natives, they were still watching her. 

HART: Is it Ogawii? 

MEGANI: Probably… They were too scared to say the name. 

CASSIDY: Looks like my work is already done then. 

HART: It never is. Come on. 

We approached the building. Natives kept their eyes on us, didn't say a word 
either. Just stared. It was fuckin' creepy. 

HART: Fire seems to be gone. Be careful, it's still hot. 

I walked into the rubble. There wasn't anything left standing but there was this 
section behind the house that was still standing. We made our way over to it. 

HART: I'm going in, safeties off. 

I kicked the door open and she -Ogawii- was sitting on the floor. Smiling this 
awkward toothy smile, muttering some gibberish over and over. 

Faint mutterings can be heard. 

HART: What's she sayin'? 

MEGANI: Well… it seems like… she's just saying one word over and over. 
Roughly translates to "rainfall." 

CASSIDY: She's loony. 

PRAIRIE: She's affected. Where's the Cognitohazard? 

CASSIDY: Probably burned down like the rest of this place. 

Prairie pointed at this piece of wood that Ogawii was staring at, the goggles 
scrambled whatever was etched onto it. 

PRAIRIE: It's probably whatever is on there. 

He reached to pick up that piece of wood, but Ogawii started going ballistic. He 
backed off, and she calmed back down. 

HART: …Think that's the only one? 

MEGANI: No, they said back there that everything she wrote was killing people. 
They also said that they were rambling, like she's doing now. 

PRAIRIE: Then it's taking a much longer time on her than it did on them. She 
isn't dead yet. 

CASSIDY: Let's just get the hell out of here. Grab the wood, grab the girl. I'll 
take care of the rest. 

Megani went to incapacitate Ogawii. But Prairie made one move towards the wood 
and she went insane again. Punched him right in the nose and tried to bite him. 

CASSIDY: What the fu-? 

Two gunshots can be heard. 

Cassidy shot her twice, once in each knee. Looked like he wasn't gonna stop 
there. 

HART: Stop it! She's down. She's down! Jules, get her cuffed. 

MEGANI: On it. 

Megani got her cuffed. But even then, she tried to get up and attack when 
Prairie got the cognitohazard in his bag. Looked like she was really about to 
stand up and maul him. 

CASSIDY: Get outta here, hurry up. 

MEGANI: She's trying to- 

Ogawii somehow flailed enough to get her goggles off for a second. She put 'em 
back on, but she bent over and picked up a piece of parchment that was on the 
floor. I figured she wanted to take another sample, so I didn't say anything. 

HART: You okay? 

MEGANI: Y- yeah I… I just thought I was a goner for a second there. 

HART: You're still here. You're good. Come on, let's get out of here. 

Cassidy lit the place up with that hand flame thrower. He likes that thing a 
little too much. Nearly burned down half of Venice on our last assignment. We 
made our way out of that shack and back to the wreckage of the house. 

MEGANI: What's she made of? She's still trying to get to you, Lee. 

PRAIRIE: Some cognitohazards are like that, can make people ignore their primal 
emotions, even pain. It's usually pretty rare though. 

He turned to look at Ogawii. Her face was so… twisted… It didn't even look 
human. 

Many angry voices can be heard. 

MEGANI: …They're really upset, Tommy… 

The voices begin shouting. 

HART: Come on, let's move! Let's get out of here before things go south. 

PRAIRIE: Gah- Fuck! 

Ogawii had somehow clawed up his arm. I didn't see it happen, but it looked like 
she had got 'em good. 

The voices get louder. Gunshots start to ring out. 

CASSIDY: GET THE FUCK BACK! 

The natives, they were trying to kill Ogawii. Throwing stones and even getting 
close enough to kick her. Cassidy shot some warning shots at first, but I think 
they took it the wrong way. 

The shouting gets louder. More gunshots ring. 

They attacked us. Cassidy started opening fire, and it wasn't long before the 
rest of us started too. I think they thought we were protecting her or 
something. I mean, they weren't wrong, but… 

A whoosh is heard, followed by the crackling of flames. The shouting slowly 
becomes screaming. 

CASSIDY: GET THE FUCK BACK! GET BACK! 

Cassidy turned his flamethrower on them. They backed up, but they started 
screaming and pelting us all with rocks. They really didn't want to see her 
alive. One of the rocks knocked Prairie's goggles off. Come to find out, he 
closed his eyes. Pretty simple solution, huh? Guess you think like that when 
you’re a cognitohazard expert. He made a beeline to the truck, trying to get 
out before anything went wrong. 

Gunshots ring out again. 

HART: Open the doors! 

That group that burned down her house was circled around the vehicle, all kind 
of chanting the same word that she was, like it was some sort of cult or 
something. They didn't try to attack us, and didn't get in the way when we moved 
'em. Just kind of blankly stared. A few of them had some serious nosebleeds, 
blood was covering their clothes and everything. 

CASSIDY: Get the f-… Move! Come on, get in! 

We got in the truck, but Ju- Megani started saying some weird stuff about love. 

MEGANI: Did I ever tell you about my first love, Tommy? 

HART: Not now. We're not in the clear yet. 

MEGANI: That symbol on the floor, it was their people's word for love. 

PRAIRIE: The one you picked up? 

MEGANI: Yeah… Isn't it beautiful? 

CASSIDY: What the hell are you talking about? 

Megani can be heard repeating the word "love" over and over under her breath. 

She started acting weird, and started writing shit down on some of the papers in 
her bag. She took her goggles off. 

HART: Keep your goggles on. 

She didn't listen. Acted like I didn't say a thing. Prairie picked up her 
goggles and put them on. Ogawii had passed out, some of those rocks they threw 
at her hit 'er in the head, Prairie started patching her up. 

CASSIDY: Doc, think she's been compromised. 

PRAIRIE: … 

HART: Hey, we don't know that. She's still alive, right? Could just be in shock. 

PRAIRIE: Yeah… 

After a while she stopped talking and writing. Just sat and stared at the wall 
with this big smile on her face. Think that's when we realized that she really 
was gone. Ogawii woke up somewhere along the way, but just laid down in the 
fetal position. The rest of the ride here nobody talked. 

HART: And that's when her fuckin' head blew up. Covered us all in her brains. We 
all looked at each other, but didn't say a word. Julia didn't say a thing, 
didn't even blink. 

DR. JOEL: Is she still unresponsive? The medical unit here has many treatments, 
even for cognitohazards. 

HART: …Jules didn't make it back to the base… Her nose started bleedin' a 
little after that, and she said that same mumbo jumbo about love as before. Fell 
over and died. She was a good soldier, a good friend. Sharp as they come. 

DR. JOEL: I see… We can end here then. Thank you for your time. I am deeply 
sorry for what happened to your friends. You will be assigned a new Foundation 
Issued ATV, as yours is very likely compromised. 

HART:… 

DR. JOEL: Please allow me to copy the contents of your AudioBox and place the 
bag with her drawings in the safe down the hall, fourth door on the left. 

[END LOG] 


TEST #1 

Researcher 

Dr. Robert Joel 

Date 

10/4/████ 

Subject/Methods 

Subject is a 34-year old male D-Class personnel (D-13324). Subject is exposed to 
SCP-5120 affected word “love”, written on a piece of parchment paper. 

Outcome 

Immediate Effects- D-13324’s eyes dilate, and he begins to pace around the 
testing chamber. 

1 hour passed- Subject asks Dr. Fern and Dr. Joel what they believe the meaning 
of love is. Dr. Joel remains silent. Fern responds by inquiring what the subject 
believes “love” means. The D-class does not respond. Subject begins to 
repeat the word “love” 

3 hours passed- Subject begins to mutter the word “love” periodically and 
picks up the SCP-5120 instance. 

4 hours passed- Subject requests paper and pen. Request denied, as they are 
banned by the O-5 council and several governmental bodies for civilian use. 

5 hours passed- Subject falls silent and sits on the ground, never looking away 
from the SCP-5120 instance. No blinking is recorded after this event. 

24 hours passed- No change in behavior. Dr. Fern requests termination of test 
and D-class, as he appears to be in a catatonic state. Request denied. 

76 hours passed- Subject begins to show signs of dehydration. He sets the 
instance of SCP-5120 down next to him. 

93 hours passed- Subject smiles, looks up from SCP-5120 instance, and says 
“love. I understa-”. 

Brain hemorrhaging immediately occurs. 

Researcher's Note 

Video playback reveals that there is a minuscule delay in symptom onset that 
occurs a full second proceeding initial exposure of the instance, longer than 
every other cognitohazard on record. Further testing required for supplemental 
insight and data. 


TEST #2 

Researcher 

Dr. Robert Joel 

Date 

10/5/████ 

Subject/Methods 

Subject is a 23-year old D-class female (D-17721), exposed to a newly drawn 
word, “blink,” written on a sheet of 8.5in x 11in white printer paper. This 
paper has been laid in the room 4m away from the known-affected word "Love" for 
24 hours. 

Outcome 

No symptoms of exposure occur over the course of an hour. 

Researcher's Note 

The cognitohazard does not affect words spontaneously around itself, therefore 
we can deduce that the only affected words are either spontaneously anomalously 
affected independantly or the cognitohazard is somehow spreading from word to 
word via a host. Further testing on this distinction is required. 


TEST #3 

Researcher 

Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

10/7/████ 

Subject/Methods 

The same D-class participating in test #2, as well as the same word in test #2. 
Word left for 24 hours in a known hotspot of SCP-5120. 

Outcome 

Word is now affected by SCP-5120. D-class shows symptoms nearly congruent with 
Test Subject #1. 

Researcher's Note 

The cognitohazard seems to be spreading from word to word. The mechanism of the 
spread is currently unknown. Further testing should be directed towards this 
study. 


TEST #4 

Researcher 

Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

10/7/████ 

Subject/Methods 

There are 2 subjects in this test to determine the means of proliferation of 
SCP-5120. 

The first subject, a D-class male (D-28739), is exposed to a known affected 
word, “red”, (D-class further referred to as D-Red), and then shown a newly 
drawn word, “yellow.” 

The second subject is also D-class male (D-28765, further referred to as 
D-Yellow), and is exposed to “yellow” before viewed by the SCP-5120-1 
instance, then after viewed by the SCP-5120-1 instance. 

Outcome 

Before exposure, “yellow” has no anomalous effects on D-Yellow. 

D-Red is exposed to SCP-5120 instance “red” and is then exposed to the 
non-anomalous “yellow” 

“yellow” was then exposed to D-Yellow, who then became an instance of 
SCP-5120-1. 

Both instances of SCP-5120-1 were then terminated 

Researcher's Note 

It can be concluded that SCP-5120 is somehow spreading via SCP-5120-1 instances. 
I am proposing that SCP-5120 is an anomalous cognitoborne virus, using 
SCP-5120-1 as its host for the spread of its equivalent “genetic material.” 


- MTF FI-AudioBox - Civilian Rescue

The following transcribed audio recordings comes from acting Captain Thomas 
Hart's FI AudioBox. 

AUDIO LOG OF MTF GAMMA-3 "POLARIS GUIDANCE" 

DATE: 10/14/████ 

BRIEFING: While en route to Site 14 for biweekly supply delivery, MTF Gamma-3 
encountered a child on the outskirts of known SCP-5120 hotspot 
██████, Europe. 

MTF BACKGROUND & MEMBERS: MTF Gamma-3 "Polaris Guidance" was created 
specifically for small-group silent recovery of cognitohazards. MTF Gamma-3 
"Polaris Guidance" has been redesigned to report to Site 14, Site ██, and 
█████ ███ ██ for biweekly supply shipments. The group 
currently consists of four three highly trained individuals: 

Thomas "Tommy" Hart, Captain 

Juila "Jules" Megani, Cultural Specialist & Translator 

Klint "Pyro" Cassidy, Technical Gear Specialist 

Dr. Leon "Lee" Prairie, Cognitohazard specialist 

NOTE: Remarkable events begin at the start of playback. Additional details have 
also been provided by Captain Hart during debriefing. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

HART: Stop the car, got a civilian in the road ahead. 

PRAIRIE: What? I don't see anything. 

CASSIDY: Dumbass civilians. 

HART: Looked like a kid. Think it's behind that tree. 

CASSIDY: A kid? Heh, yeah right. Think you're losin' it Tommy. 

HART: Pull over. 

PRAIRIE: Wait. I saw it. 

CASSIDY: Seriously? 

The truck comes to a stop and they all get out. 

PRAIRIE: There. 

He pointed to a tree on the left side of the road. You could see some fingers 
wrapped around it. 

HART: Eyes open, could be a trap. 

PRAIRIE: It's a girl. Looks around 5 years old. 

CASSIDY: There's no way. That's not possible. 

Prairie approached the girl. She took a few steps away. 

PRAIRIE: Don't be afraid. It's okay. We're safe. 

HART: Drop your weapons. She's scared. 

CASSIDY: It could be a tra- 

HART: Drop 'em! 

She walked out onto the street once we dropped the guns. She seemed scared, but 
she was out of options. 

PRAIRIE: Hey. My name is Lee. Do you have a name? 

There is a silence that lasts one minute. 

ANNIE: Annie. 

PRAIRIE: Where are your parents? 

Silence. 

HART: Annie, do you know where your parents are? 

ANNIE: … 

CASSIDY: They're dead, idiots. Stop asking her. 

HART: Where are you going? 

ANNIE: … 

PRAIRIE: It's okay, we can take you there. 

ANNIE: I'm hungry. 

CASSIDY: Shit. She ain't got a place to go. She's an orphan. 

HART: Is she infected? 

Prairie pulled out his flashlight and shined it in her eyes. She was scared, but 
to be honest her hunger probably overpowered her fear. 

PRAIRIE: No. Eyes dilate normally. She hasn't been exposed. 

CASSIDY: Well her parents were, how the hell is she here? 

HART: Annie, where have you been since you… left your parents? 

ANNIE: ██████ 

HART: In the city? 

She nodded, and pointed back to the city. 

HART: How long have you been out? 

ANNIE: Three. Four. 

HART: Days? 

PRAIRIE: Shit. 

Prairie pulled out his rations for the day. She ate it so fast you wouldn't 
think she chewed. 

CASSIDY: Jesus. 

HART: We can't leave her. 

PRAIRIE: Well… What do we do? 

HART: I guess we take her. 

[END LOG] 


[BEGIN LOG] 

The following takes place between Dr. Joel and Captain Hart later that day 
during the supply run to Site 14. 

HART: Can we leave her here? 

DR. JOEL: She's totally immune? 

HART: Well… we don't know. She says she's been living in ██████ 
for the last month. It's a known hotspot. 

DR. JOEL: It would have been impossible to leave shelter without exposure. Was 
she acting weird? 

HART: Negative. No signs of exposure. 

DR. JOEL: I see. Leave her in my care. Another doctor and I will take care of 
her. 

HART: She's waiting in the room outside. She's scared. 

DR. JOEL: We will console her and give her a full evaluation. I give you my 
word, she is in good care. 

DR. JOEL: This brings us to our next point. Your team… I understand you are 
short a person, and that your Force was already a small group to begin with. 

HART: We are down to three, yeah. But we can handle anything thrown at us. 
Especially now that all we're doing is shipping supplies. 

DR. JOEL: While that may be true, we have decided that to further our research, 
we need you to go into hotspots and gather data for us. 

HART: … 

DR. JOEL: We have decided to merge you with a specialized Task Force. You will 
still be Captain, but you will have to acclimate to these new men. 

HART: I see. 

DR. JOEL: I have already assigned these men to you. If you accept, they are 
waiting for you down the hall. 

[END LOG] 


TEST #5 

Researcher 

Dr. Robert Joel 

Date 

10/15/████ 

Subject/Methods 

A 5-year old female, name Annie Klea, found searching for shelter outside of 
Site 14. Subject was brought to Dr. Joel’s research lab after the realization 
that she had been living in a nearby SCP-5120 hotspot for the last two weeks. 
After some consoling, she agreed to help Dr. Joel test the cause of her 
immunity. After consulting with Dr. Fern, subject was then exposed to the 
known-affected word “jovial”. 

Outcome 

Subject sounds out then reads the affected word out loud, and repeats it as Dr. 
Joel asks her to. After 9 repeats, the subject requests food and states that she 
is scared. Dr. Fern gives her a hug and request for food is granted. Subject is 
given a glass of milk, along with Dr. Joel’s lunchbox. 

Researcher's Note 

After a quick search from my own specialized Mobile Task Force in the nearby 
city hotspot, a disproportional number of children have been found roaming the 
streets, nearly all unaffected. This test confirms that for some reason, 
children under the age of 5 -including some 5-year olds, apparently- are 
unaffected by SCP-5120. Is it sentient? Sapient? Most importantly, can we reason 
with it? Further testing will be done to answer these questions. The child will 
be cared for on-site until site lockdown is repealed, and I am forbidding any 
further testing regarding her as a subject. 


- MTF FI-AudioBox - CONTAINMENT BREACH RECORD

AUDIO LOG OF CONTAINMENT BREACH AFTERMATH WITH CAPTAIN THOMAS HART OF MTF 
GAMMA-3 "THE BLIND IDIOTS" 

DATE: 10/17/████ 

BRIEFING: A containment breach occurred in Site 14 due to technical malfunction 
and structural destruction that MTF Gamma-3 incited during a training exercise. 

MTF BACKGROUND & MEMBERS: MTF Gamma-3 "Polaris Guidance" was created 
specifically for small-group silent recovery of cognitohazards. MTF Gamma-3 
"Polaris Guidance" has been redesigned to report to Site 14, Site ██, and 
█████ ███ ██ for biweekly supply shipments. The group 
currently consists of four highly trained individuals: SITE 14 GIVEN A NEW 
DESIGNATED SUPPLIANCE MTF. 

MTF Gamma-3 "The Blind Idiots" is a specialized MTF specifically constructed and 
hand selected by the O-5 council to enter SCP-5120 hotspots as safe as possible 
to preform silent reconnaissance and data collection. Previous designation 
"Polaris Guidance" dissolved. At the time of writing, MTF Gamma-3 is not 
permitted for field work and is under a high intensity training. The group 
currently consists of seven highly trained individuals. 

Thomas "Tommy" Hart, Captain 

Klint "Pyro" Cassidy, Technical Gear Specialist 

Dr. Leon "Lee" Prairie, Cognitohazard specialist 

Lea "Deadshot" Fredricks, Ballistics expert 

Marcus "Daredevil" O'Ran, Martial Arts Expert 

Frank Love, Cultural Specialist & Translator 

Sylvia Wolf, Professional ransomware developer and hacker 

NOTE: Events leading up to containment breach begins at the start of playback. 
Additional details have also been provided by Captain Hart during debriefing. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

DR. JOEL: Well… If you all didn't have the skills you do, and weren't 
considered essential personnel, you would be terminated. Do you realize this? 

HART: Affirmative. We all do. 

DR. JOEL: Of course you do. Why don't you tell me what happened? 

The following is Captain Thomas Hart's recount of the events that caused the 
containment breach. 

At 14:00 sharp, we reported to room █-██ for afternoon training. Dr. 
██████ had created a hotspot simulation to test our readiness for 
the field. It was our Field Readiness Test, too. It was designed to have 
Cassidy, Wolf, O’Ran, and I retrieve the ‘cognitohazard’ while Love, 
Prairie, and Fredricks defend it. We all had goggles on, took all security 
measures required as if it were a real threat. Well besides O’Ran, with him 
being blind and all. 

Truth be told, everything went well until the very end. We took out Prairie and 
Love and already retrieved the package. Things went south when Fredricks locked 
us in and got a height advantage. I covered Wolf while she tried to hack into 
the door security. I don’t think she knew what she was doin', kept saying the 
security here was different from anything she’d seen before. Fredricks took a 
shot at Cassidy, hit his goggles. Well… he didn’t take it well. Started 
using… unnecessary firepower. Chuckin' our fake grenades up and around. They 
still give quite the impact. The West/ wall got damaged. Nothin' too serious 
though. At least at the moment. Wolf said she got some kinda security down. 
Cassidy and I took that to mean that she was done and stopped layin' cover fire. 

I got hit after that, two rubber bullets straight to the chest. Cassidy right 
after me, two rubbers. Sure felt real though, but sniper fire is sniper fire I 
guess. Cassidy and I took our seat next to Prairie and Love. Wolf wasn’t too 
far behind. We thought we had lost, ‘til we realized O’Ran was gone. Think 
Fredricks noticed it too, kept turning her back to look for him. He was gone. 
Then he fell from inside the ceiling, landed right on her back. She got up and 
tried to shoot at him, but he just moved out of the way like he could see. I had 
never seen anything like it. A blind man takin’ on a combat expert. Looked 
like he wasn’t even tryin’. He eventually kicked her off the railing. We 
won. 

I think that’s when we all noticed what had happened. His damage to the 
ceiling combined with Cassidy’s damage to the wall must have made some kinda 
structural instability. The wall fell, nearly killed us all. Wolf’s hacking 
had disabled the entire Site’s security system, turns out. There was no alarm, 
no security… and no wall. 'Bout a minute later, the emergency contingencies 
kicked in, which is what opened the doors and sounded the alarms. To be honest, 
none of us really understood what had happened until then. 

After that, we just evacuated with the rest of y'all, 'til they gave the all 
clear. 

…I think that's about it. 

DR. JOEL: So… You have compromised the quarantine of Site 14, destroyed the 
data from many of this Site’s tests before they were properly stored and 
analyzed, and potentially compromised the city’s safety. The O-5 wants you all 
terminated. They gave the orders 5 hours ago. 

HART: … I see. 

HART: If you need to terminate someone, it wasn’t their fault. I’m the 
Captain, and I take responsibility. I firmly believe in the Foundation’s 
cause, always have. I'm willing to take responsibility for the actions of my 
team. 

DR. JOEL: Tommy, you know I always had a soft spot for you. You think I'd let 
that happen? You’re a good man. I requested disciplinary authority per my own 
judgement. It got approved 15 minutes ago. 

HART: Thank you, sir… Does that mean… 

DR. JOEL: It means you all have passed your Field Readiness Test. It also means 
that you are ready to lead them. I have your first assignment. 

[END LOG] 


Notice from Dr. Robert Joel to the staff of Site 14 

I regret to inform you that the neighboring city has been compromised. If any 
you have family here, you will be allowed to contact them via the Site's 
landline telephones for an allotted 15 minutes. 

[DATA LOST] 


TEST #8 

Researcher 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

Date 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

Subject/Methods 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

Outcome 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

Researcher's Note 

The last two tests have been manually struck from the record due to their 
videotapes being compromised due to improper quarantine resulting from the 
recent containment breach. 

Summary of Data Lost 

We are concluding that this is in fact a cognitovirus, but it cannot be reasoned 
with. Due to this, we are declaring that it is not sapient or even sentient. 

-Dr. Joel & Dr. Fern 


TEST #9 

Researcher 

Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

10/19/████ 

Subject/Methods 

To further study the effects of infection of SCP-5120, a repeat of Test #1 will 
be completed with another D-class (D-60507). Subject is a 36-year old male. All 
methods will be repeated as closely as possible. The O-5 council has lifted the 
ban on paper and pen use for any doctor above clearance level 3 for all further 
SCP-5120 research, so 10 sheets of standard printer pages are provided as well 
as a pen. 

Outcome 

Immediate Effects- D-60507’s eyes dilate, and he paces around the testing 
chamber. 

56 minutes passed- Repetition of the word “love” begins 

2 hours passed- Subject requests the SCP-5120 instance. Request granted. 

7 hours passed- Subject picks up pen and paper, and begins to write the word 
“love” 

Remarkable sentences provided below (recovered from a blindfolded D-class who 
picked up the papers and flipped them over in front of the camera for monitoring 
visibility): 

Love.Love.Love.Love.Love (this is repeated throughout 7 and a half sheets of 
paper) 

Love is emotion 

Love themselves 

Love each other 

understand is Love 

12 hours passed- Subject stops writing and begins to stare at a wall. 

39 hours passed- Subject begins to show signs of dehydration. 

60 hours passed- Subject begins to convulse and shriek. Mild brain hemorrhaging 
follows. Subject remains motionless but vitals indicate that the subject is 
still alive. 

67 hours passed- Subject comes to and begins to crawl on all fours, biting at 
himself and writing broken sentences on the wall pertaining to the word "love". 
Shrieking begins again. 

75 hours passed- Subject falls quiet and makes eye contact with the wall mounted 
camera. Subject attempts to scale the wall until his fingers begin to bleed. 

88 hours passed- Subject states "It's beautiful" and begins to sob. Subject 
cries for the duration of the test. 

91 hours passed- Subject smiles at the mounted camera and declares “I love 
you” immediately suffering a brain hemorrhage after. 


Researcher's Note 

It is safe to say that this is not what was expected. Videotapes have been 
quarantined properly and a D-class team has been sent in to scrub the walls and 
floors of blood. There are reports that the infected have been becoming more and 
more hostile, almost like the virus is mutating not only across mediums but also 
symptomatically. 

This mutation has not yet been seen in a laboratory setting, and this particular 
instance has not been exposed to any outside source. This likely means that the 
virus has mutated anomalously across every instance. This is probably why we 
have seen such an incredibly fast mutation speed across languages. 


TEST #10 

Researchers 

Dr. Robert Joel & Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

10/26/████ 

Subject/Methods 

Specialized MTF-1212 “The Blind Idiots” discovered the subject whilst on a 
civilian rescue mission in █████ ████, Mexico. Subject is a 
28-year old female who responds to the name Maria Marcos. Subject seems to not 
be affected by the cognitovirus based on the location of recovery, outside in a 
known hotspot. Subject placed in the standard testing unit and provided with 10 
sheets of paper and a pen. 

Outcome 

Subject displays full immunity. 3 repeats of this test with different affected 
words were conducted, all displayed the same results. Dr. Joel ordered a 
large-scale background inspection into the subject. 

Researchers' Notes 

This is the first known case of an adult immune to the cognitovirus. We must 
delve further into this subject’s psyche to develop a defense. A possible 
vaccine may be on the way. For the streamline of research into the defense 
against SCP-5120, all further tests will be in conjunction with Researcher Dr. 
Mary Fern. 

-Dr. Joel 

We cannot yet determine if this subject is naturally immune to the disease, just 
as a small population of people would be immune to a non-anomalous virus, or if 
there are some cognitive processes that we are not aware of within this subject 
that prevent the infection. Perhaps both? 

-Dr. Fern 

AUDIO LOG 

DATE: 10/29/████ 

TITLE: NOTICE TO STAFF OF SITE 14 

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Joel: The full dive into subject Subject #10’s background revealed that 
not only does she have a severe form of Dyslexia and scored in the bottom 1 
percent of reading comprehension tests, but also a son who is completely immune 
to the virus. I have requested an MTF search for him around where she was 
recovered3. Further tests concluded that other humans with major reading 
disabilities and damage to various language processing centers of the brain were 
unaffected by SCP-5120. These subjects are kept on-site and available for any 
tests. I recommend using these individuals for any further research into a cure. 

[END LOG] 


TEST #11 

Researchers 

Dr. Robert Joel & Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

10/31/████ 

Subject/Methods 

A 40-year old male D-Class personnel (D-20622), known to be of the Christian 
faith. Exposed to a suspected affected symbol of the Christian crucifix. Subject 
is placed in the standard testing unit and given 10 sheets of printer paper and 
a pen. 

Outcome 

Immediate Effects- Subject’s eyes dilate, and he begins to recite prayers 
common in the Christian faith. 

48 minutes passed- Prayers stop and instead the word “cross” is repeated. 

3 hours passed- Subject begins to doodle crosses in various sizes and art 
styles. 

8 hours passed- Subject starts to write sentences. Sentences were copied via 
usage of the video recording. They are as followed: 

the Cross means (unintelligible) 

romans crucified on the Cross for punishment 

the lord was crucified on the Cross 

he died on the Cross to repent for our sins 

12 hours passed- Subject ceases to write or doodle. 

30 hours passed- Subject has stopped all movement. 

81 hours passed- Subject claims he has been “enlightened by God”. Brain 
hemorrhaging occurs immediately after, but vitals remain steady. 

90 hours passed- Subject wakes and becomes extremely violent towards himself. 

92 hours passed- Subject begins to cause damage to the interior of the testing 
chamber. 

94 hours passed- Subject is terminated to prevent a containment breach. 

Researchers' Notes 

This is extremely worrisome, as non-language symbols used to be unaffected by 
the cognitohazard. This means that the cognitovirus can mutate and evolve, 
jumping not only from language to language, but also from language to symbol. 

-Dr. Fern 

Research into the development of a new language to combat SCP-5120 infection is 
to be halted immediately. The rate of mutation is not only increasing, but 
favoring more aggressive tendencies. 

-Dr. Joel 


- MTF FI-AudioBox - End of the Line

AUDIO LOG OF CONTAINMENT BREACH AFTERMATH WITH CAPTAIN THOMAS HART OF MTF 
GAMMA-3 "THE BLIND IDIOTS" 

DATE: 11/01/████ (Date Retrieved) 

BRIEFING: MTF Gamma-3 was sent to ███ ████, Brazil by the O-5 
council for preliminary research into why there was a spike in SCP-5120 cases. 

MTF BACKGROUND & MEMBERS: MTF Gamma-3 "The Blind Idiots" is a specialized MTF 
specifically constructed and hand selected by the O-5 council to enter SCP-5120 
hotspots as safe as possible to preform silent reconnaissance and data 
collection. Previous designation "Polaris Guidance" dissolved. At the time of 
writing, MTF Gamma-3 is the only MTF qualified for field work in SCP-5120 
hotspots. 

Thomas "Tommy" Hart, Captain 

Klint "Pyro" Cassidy, Technical Gear Specialist 

Dr. Leon "Lee" Prairie, Cognitohazard specialist 

Lea "Deadshot" Fredricks, Ballistics expert 

Marcus "Daredevil" O'Ran, Martial Arts Expert 

Frank Love, Cultural Specialist & Translator 

Sylvia Wolf, Professional ransomware developer and hacker 

NOTE: Playback starts 2 minutes before the incident of notice. At start of 
playback, Gamma-3 is on the top floor of a corporate owned parking garage. 
Captain Thomas Hart has declined to include his own notes during debriefing. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

HART: Get some eyes on that fire, 2:00. Any civilians? 

CASSIDY: Negati- No wait. 8th floor, right side. 

FREDRICKS: I see them too. Looks like one of them is killing some others. A few 
others showing symptoms. 

CASSIDY: We goin' in? Should be easy. 

LOVE: Like we have anything else to do? 

HART: Yeah, we're going. Collect samples, fire only when necessary. Can you 
disable the cameras from here? 

WOLF: With this new shit the Foundation gave me, I could take down the power to 
the whole city from here. 

HART: Just that building will do. 

FREDRICKS: Want me to take the shot on the hostile? 

HART: From here? Uh… If you can. 

A single gunshot is heard 

CASSIDY: …she got 'em. 

PRAIRIE: Well… Good thing you're on our side. 

FREDRICKS: There are sides? 

HART: None that matter now. Let's get a move on. Wolf, you- 

WOLF: Yeah, already done. Doors unlocked, lights off, and cameras down. 

There are 12 minutes of silence until MTF Gamma-3 reaches the doors of the 
building. 

HART: Looks like this was a makeshift shelter before whatever happened today. 
You got the logs of when the last entrance was? 

WOLF: Before I opened them, the doors haven't been unlocked for 3 weeks. 

PRAIRIE: That's impossible. All data suggests that the cognitovirus takes a day 
at most to show symptoms and spread. This just happened. 

WOLF: These doors are the only way in… They just got infected. 

CASSIDY: Some idiot probably got some contraband in, who cares? It happened. 

O'RAN: Anyone care to fill me in on what has happened? 

HART: Oh yeah, blind. Uh… This building looks to have been a shelter for a lot 
of people, but by the looks of it, there ain't anyone left. Fire on the east 
side, walls tore down, goggles are censoring a lot, meaning they were writing 
everywhere once it hit. 

LOVE: It's blood. 

HART: What? 

LOVE: The words, on the walls and floor… They're written in blood. 

WOLF: …Their own blood? 

CASSIDY: Why does it matter? Collect some, we got a job. 

WOLF: Ew… 

HART: Pyro's right, we got a job to do here. Eyes peeled and watch your six. We 
know there are some civilians alive. 

FREDRICKS: Well with Daredevil over here, we don't gotta worry about looking 
over our backs. 

O'RAN: Speaking of which, there are two people above us. 

HART: On the next floor up? Wolf, get eyes on there. 

WOLF: You're lucky this place still has power. 

CASSIDY: Well you wouldn't be much help if there wasn't, now would you? 

WOLF: Fair enough. We got eyes on the whole building. And yes, there are two 
civilians above us. Both definitely infected. 

HART: Let's get to them then, maybe they can lead us to some uninfected. 

FREDRICKS: Are we killing them? I mean… if they don't pose a threat? 

PRAIRIE: They all pose a threat. The data shows that they've mutated a 
hyperaggression streak across the globe. If we're gonna trail 'em, we need to 
make sure they don't see us. 

HART: Then we use the cameras. Let's make our way to the 8th floor, where the 
others were seen. Wolf, keep eyes on those two. 

LOVE: You know, I was a cultural analyzer at Yale before this. I didn't sign up 
to fight zombies. 

PRAIRIE: They aren't zombies, they're people. Used to be, at least. 

LOVE: So… Zombies? 

CASSIDY: Well you don't gotta worry about them eatin' those brains, not with 
those thick skulls y'all got. 

FREDRICKS: Thermal is showing three behind this door. 

HART: Wolf, take your eyes off the other two and check these for a second. 

WOLF: Okay… They're infected, boss. 

FREDRICKS: I got them, open the door. 

3 shots ring, followed by 3 thuds 

WOLF: Uhh, boss? Our friends above us are gone. 

O'RAN: No they aren't. 

A snap and squish is heard, followed by two thuds 

HART: They were trailing us, not the other way around. 

LOVE: Does that mean… 

CASSIDY: We're the only ones here uninfected. 

WOLF: We should pull out then. Nothing left to see? 

HART: We don't know that, the 8th floor, there were at least 10 right? 

FREDRICKS: More than that… But they were- 

CASSIDY: Gone. I couldn't tell at first, but Tommy, there ain't anyone left. 
Let's get the hell out of here. 

HART: This is the third city we've left empty handed, there has to be some 
survivors. 

WOLF: I don't see anyone on the 8th floor at all, boss. 

CASSIDY: Come on man, let's go. 

HART: Fine. Let's get some more samples and go. 

FREDRICKS: Uhh… My goggles are malfunctioning. 

LOVE: It's not just yours, I can't see shit. 

WOLF: Same here. 

LOVE: Here too. 

HART: It's all of us. O'Ran, What the hell is happening? 

O'Ran: I don't know, but there are a lot of people above us now. 

PRAIRIE: This isn't a malfunction. The virus is everywhere. It's surrounding us. 

CASSIDY: That's impossible, it has to be on words. 

PRAIRIE: Maybe not. We need to go. 

HART: Get us the fuck out of here O'Ran. 

pounding is heard, gradually getting louder 

LOVE: Is that… Are they ripping through the floors? 

O'Ran: There are some where we came from but we can get out that way, follow. 

LOVE: Where? We can't see! 

HART: Grab my hand, form a chain. 

O'Ran: They're already here. 

a series of shrieking and gunshots are heard 

LOVE: Fuck! Someone tagged me. 

WOLF: Sorry! 

CASSIDY: Fuck this, just run! 

O'Ran: There's a window right down here, trust me. 

WOLF: Aren't we on the second floor? 

HART: Just jump! 

glass shatters and 7 thuds are heard 

HART: Everyone good? 

LOVE: I got hit worse than I thought… And I think my leg is broken. 

CASSIDY: Fuck. Come on, I'll carry you. 

A series of thuds is heard 

O'RAN: They followed us. 

LOVE: Just go! I'm not making it anyway. 

FREDRICKS: Fuck this, I'm taking off my goggles and actually being useful. 

HART: DO NOT TAKE OFF YOUR GOGGLES. THAT IS AN ORDER. 

More thuds are heard, followed by several shrieks 

PRAIRIE: Hart, we have about an hour before it takes hold. We aren't getting out 
of here if we're all blind. 

HART: NO! THAT IS AN ORDER! 

PRAIRIE: It's been an honor, Tommy. 

FREDRICKS: We got this, the rest of you go! 

HART: Thank you… Both of you. 

CASSIDY: Take this, roast 'em for me. 

Several gunshots are heard 

O'RAN: Follow, quickly. 

no words are exchanged for 30 minutes 

O'RAN: We are safe. 

WOLF: I can see a little now, not everything is fuzzy. 

HART: We must be getting away from the hotspot. A bit farther and maybe we could 
drive. 

CASSIDY: That's reassuring 

There is another 12 minutes of silence 

WOLF: I can see my terminal. I'm calling for an airlift. 

HART: Good idea. 

There is a snap and thud 

CASSIDY: The hell was that? 

O'RAN:… 

HART: O'Ran? 

O'RAN: That… it used to be Lea. 

CASSIDY: She tracked us? How did you know she was infected? 

HART: Like Lee said, they all are now. 

Wolf begins to cry 

CASSIDY: Really? 

HART: Cas- 

WOLF: I'm only 19! I shouldn't be doing this! I should be… They died… I shot 
Frankie… It should have been me. It should have been me. It should h- 

HART: Hey, this isn't the time. It wasn't your fault. 

Wolf begins to sob again 

CASSIDY: Hey… I didn't mean that. And your skull isn't that thick. You did 
great out there. Pulled your weight. And hey, you got the samples. That's more 
than any of us can say. Those samples could lead to the cure. You may have saved 
the world out there today. 

Wolf's cries soften 

A helicopter is heard approaching 

HART: Robert, it has been an honor working along side you, even during these… 
special times… but I just can't do this no more. Too many good men under my 
leadership, gone. Consider this my formal resignation. I hope both you and the 
O-5 accept. 

DR. JOEL: Well… I certainly don't need any more convincing. Accepted. Thank 
you for your service. When this is over, let's get some drinks, on me. 

HART: I would be honored. Thank you. 

[END LOG] 


TEST #12 

Researchers 

Dr. Robert Joel & Dr. Mary Fern 

Date 

11/02/████ 

Subject/Methods 

To further knowledge in the area of a defense, Dr. Fern has suggested that we 
test infected symbols that hold meanings unknown to the test subject. Subject is 
a D-class female age 22 (D-57138) and SCP-5120 instance used is infecting the 
Chinese symbol for “daughter” 

Outcome 

Subject stares at the image and experiences no symptoms. Dr. Fern asks questions 
over the speaker. 

Dr. Fern: Do you know what that symbol means? 

D-57138: No 

Dr. Fern: And you don’t feel any different? 

D-57138: No 

Dr. Fern: Can you give me a guess as to what the symbol means? 

Subject’s eyes dilate, no response is given 

Dr. Fern: Hello? 

D-57138: Ocean 

Subject displayed the characteristic symptoms of SCP-5120-1 with the word 
“Ocean.” 

Subject is terminated after 34 minutes to prevent a containment breach. 

Researchers' Notes 

Well obviously, she thought the symbol meant ocean. This test’s results 
suggest that no matter what the symbol actually means, just thinking about a 
possible meaning of the symbol invokes the effect. The cognitohazard must be 
triggered by the area of the brain responsible for the recognition of or 
assignment of symbols in regard to their meaning. Devote further research into 
the Angular Gyrus. 

-Dr. Joel 

This test confirms that the virus is completely triggered by a subjective 
mechanism, and the spread is therefore completely dictated by the perception of 
the symbol, and not the symbol itself. I am proposing that the cognitovirus is 
feeding on the thoughts of the SCP-5120-1 instance, not just using the instance 
to proliferate. This would explain the directed-thought behavior even after the 
infectious period, as well as the need for a perception trigger. This also 
explains why mutations are favoring longer lifespans and causing more 
aggression, as they lead to the spread of more hosts. 

-Dr. Fern 

AUDIO LOG 

DATE: 11/04/████ 

NOTE: The following interaction takes place between Dr. Robert Joel and Dr. Mary 
Fern 

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Fern: The definite conclusion to these findings is that this is completely a 
perception-triggered cognitovirus. The only way to be affected by the anomaly is 
to understand that the infected words have some meaning. Hell, it doesn't even 
have to be the correct meaning. That being said, this does not explain how the 
child could read yet not be infected. She read the word out loud, for Christ's 
sake. The results of Test 5 and this child seems to be the biggest issue in our 
efforts to develop a defense. 

Dr. Joel: The child could read, yes, but likely did not understand that the word 
had inherent meaning. She can read and repeat the word over and over, but she 
has no knowledge that the word carried a meaning beyond a sound. Yes, that sound 
may be the exact same sound that a word has, and that word could have meaning to 
the girl. But in her mind, the distinction between that sound and that word is 
preventing her from provoking the perception-trigger. 

Dr. Fern: She didn’t understand that the word had meaning? She read the damn 
word! How could she read if the word did not have meaning? 

Dr. Joel: Do dogs understand the concept of “sitting” when they are told to 
sit? Do horses understand the concept of “entertainment” because they jump 
over hurdles for us to watch? Just because something or someone behaves the way 
we want or expect them to, it doesn’t mean that they understand the concept 
behind the word, or that the word even means something. Can a dog contemplate 
what the word “sit” means, even if he sits? Can a 5-year old contemplate 
what the word “jovial” means, even if she reads it? This was part of the 
reason that I chose the word. 

Dr. Fern: This distinction has pushed us along much further in our development 
of the viral cure. We are studying concept processing and storage centers of the 
brain rather than language processing centers. Damage to these processing and 
storage centers in and around the Angular Gyrus seems to work very effectively. 
We are well on our way to complete cure development. 

[END LOG] 

[DATA LOST] 

Dr. Joel: If the leading hypothesis is correct, SCP-5120 is going to spread to 
everything. People completely quarantined from words and symbols are beginning 
to become instances SCP-5120-1, showing symptoms with random words. This brings 
me to ponder, what are the limitations to what constitutes a symbol? This virus 
will continue to evolve to survive; first it infects words, then symbols, what 
comes next? Phenomenon? I cannot even begin to speculate. Any physical form that 
details another concept could be considered a symbol, and could induce the 
perception-trigger. Things like leaves moving in the breeze can symbolize a 
storm, would that trigger it? It's hard to tell, but not necessarily out of the 
realm of possibility. 

Dr. Joel: We now have reason to believe that if left unchecked, this virus can 
affect the symbols within minds. We need to act fast with this cure… dear 
God… 

[DATA LOST] 

The tape ends with the following interaction: 

AUDIO LOG 

DATE: 12/09/████ 

NOTE: The following seems to be an interaction between Dr. Robert Joel and Dr. 
Mary Fern, and was likely secretly recorded by Dr. Robert Joel without the 
knowledge of Dr. Mary Fern 

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Fern: We did it. Why aren't you celebrating with the rest of us? 

Dr. Joel: Did what? We need to undo what we did. Make an antidote. My… our 
work is not yet finished. 

Dr. Fern: That would mean further spread of the virus. It already took so much- 

Dr. Joel: We took something far greater! And at what cost… at what cost? 

Dr. Fern: We did the right thing, humanity is saved. Robert, we saved humanity! 

Dr. Joel: They aren’t human! They will never know what it means to be human. 

Dr. Fern: What’s the alternative? Death of the human race? 

Dr. Joel: What would be different? 

Dr. Fern: … 

Dr. Joel: Someone has to know. Someone needs to know what we lost. 

Dr. Fern: … 

Dr. Joel: … 

Dr. Joel: What if we don’t spread it? Keep it locked up? The Prima boxes, they 
can contain viruses for centuries! And the "cure" was in viral form, as was the 
amnesthetic. Surely they can contain an antidote in virus form and preserve it 
just as well. 

Dr. Fern: You’re mad, it will be the death of us all. 

Dr. Joel: Well like I said, we won't have to spread it. 

Dr. Fern: Robert… it's over. Please, come celebrate. 

A long pause ensues 

Dr. Joel: … then leave me to my work. Consider yourself debriefed. Go get 
“cured” and amnesticized, like the rest of them. Forget the beauty you’ll 
lose. 

A door can be heard closing 

[END LOG] 

Handwritten note: 

The following is a handwritten note by former researcher Dr. Robert Joel. It was 
taped to the beaker containing the SCP-5120-A parent compound. 

Mary was right, a mass spread of this antidote virus would just continue the 
spread of the cognitohazard. That is not an option. Still, I must leave this to 
preserve what we lost in our war against SCP-5120. I already administered the 
antidote to the already-immune subjects we kept on-site, including the subject 
of Test #10. I even gave her a vaccine for her son, should they be reunited. 
These people, along with their lineage, will be the only people who understand 
the true beauty of humanity. With any hope, the cognitovirus will die off after 
some time from herd immunity, maybe after a few centuries. The Prima box will 
survive much longer than that. Maybe by then, humanity can begin to regain what 
we lost. 

The other doctors don’t want me to do this, especially Mary. They called me 
crazy for wanting to preserve our humanity! If they find out I already 
administered the antidote and released the subjects… It’s only a matter of 
time before they come to stop me. I must hide the box hastily. 

Whoever finds this, please be careful with the antidote. As of now, you have no 
idea what you are handling, but hopefully, in time, you will. I have stashed 
Mary's notes and tests as well as mine in here. Hopefully, they will help guide 
you. 

I can’t go on with the knowledge of what I will lose. They already tried to 
use that damn “cure” on me, tried to amnesticize me, like the rest of them. 
What’s really lost when you don’t remember what’s lost, right? But this is 
more important than my own grief. I have fulfilled my purpose. 

And my Purpose is now in your hands. 

-Dr. Robert A. Joel 

Researcher’s note: 

I certainly don’t feel like I’ve lost anything. 

-Dr. Thomas Reddin, current researcher of SCP-5120 



Footnotes 

1. Settings Configuration: No light source within, airtight, watertight, vacuum 
insulated, vacuum sealed, and padded; the temperature is to be set no greater 
than 0 degrees centigrade 

2. Prerecorded message on the FI-AudioBox from the O-5 Council: "Your Foundation 
Issued AudioBox is capable of recording a year's worth of speech and operates 
entirely via voice command. It allows for full customization and organization of 
research without a visualization of the words, protecting you from the effects 
of any memetic cognitohazard. Listen to the instructions prerecorded on it for a 
full exploration of its diagnostics and capabilities. 

3. Request to find Ruiz Marcos denied on the grounds that it would not further 
research into a cure 

