                                    SCP-1372                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Utter West                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-1372 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Armed Containment Site-70 is to be established 
on the island of ███████ under the guise of a USPACOM naval 
installation constructed for the purpose of long-term joint maritime warfare 
training. Four (4) Arleigh-Burke class guided missile destroyers (DDGs) are to 
be maintained at ACS-70, with at least two patrolling Zone-1372-Alpha (see 
below) at all times. 

Owing to the nature of SCP-1372, it is not possible to move the anomaly to a 
facility for containment. Instead, the focus will be on minimizing civilian 
contact with the anomaly. An area extending from the anomaly to 100 km east of 
the anomaly and from 100 km south to 100 km north of the south and north 
extents of the anomaly is to be established, designated Zone-1372-Alpha. Areas 
with similar dimensions but extents of 5 km and 1 km are also to be 
established, termed Zone-1372-Bravo and Zone-1372-Charlie respectively. 
Satellite monitoring is to be maintained of the entirety of Zone-1372-Alpha at 
all times. 

If any ship is detected approaching the boundary of Zone-1372-Alpha, radio 
contact is to be attempted by ACS-70 personnel. The operator is to identify 
themselves as being a military officer, inform the ship that military exercises 
are taking place in the area, and advise the crew to alter their path to avoid 
Zone-1372-Alpha or to exit it as soon as possible. If the ship refuses to alter 
its course, or radio contact is impossible, crew of the nearest DDG are to 
intercept and block the ship's path. The crew of the ship breaching 
Zone-1372-Alpha are to be subdued, administered Class C amnestics, and airlifted 
to the nearest island. 

Any and all instances of SCP-1372-1 are to be engaged and scuttled at once by 
ACS-70 staff. Under no circumstances is any such instance to be permitted to 
cross the perimeter of Zone-1372-Bravo. However, ships are not to pass the 
boundary of Zone-1372-Charlie in the process. Ships that show signs of crew 
being affected by SCP-1372 are to be remotely detonated and sunk. In addition, 
following Incident-1372-5 no aircraft are to be permitted within 
Zone-1372-Charlie, including those under the control of Foundation personnel. 

Foundation personnel are to maintain contact with all airlines and airports 
servicing any area within a 200-km radius of SCP-1372, and are to advise air 
traffic controllers that the area indicated is in the vicinity of a USPACOM 
military base and is frequently host to military training exercises that will 
threaten the safety of any civilian aircraft passing through. Aircraft breaching 
the 200-km line are to be contacted immediately and advised to alter course for 
their own safety. Aircraft that ignore this warning and breach the perimeter of 
Zone-1372-Alpha are to be intercepted by onboard SH-60 helicopters and forced to 
land on the island, where they will be treated in the same manner as crews of 
ships breaching the area. 

Description: SCP-1372 is the geodesic segment located along 
██°██'██" W longitude and extending from ██°██'██" S 
to ██°██'██" S latitude. Ships crossing SCP-1372 while travelling 
from west to east do not suffer any ill effects, though D-class personnel used 
in tests of this nature have reported a compulsion to look west lasting 
approximately 6 hours and a strong desire to turn around and sail back. After 
testing, it has been determined that if a ship turns around and sails across 
SCP-1372 before exiting the boundary of Zone-1372-Alpha, no ill effects are 
observed beyond continuation of the aforementioned psychological effects. 

When a ship approaches SCP-1372 from the east, travelling west, observers 
onboard the ship will observe a termination of the horizon at a closer distance 
to their ship directly west than in any other direction. At closer range, the 
horizon appears to have a physical point of termination, corresponding to what 
observers describe as an "edge" of the Earth. This effect is visible from any 
point within Zone-1372-Alpha. Other than cognizance of the "edge" and a mild 
curiosity as to what it looks like closer up, no psychological effects are 
noticed at this stage. 

Further approach increases the perception of the "edge". Within Zone-1372-Bravo, 
subjects experience a minor compulsion to continue in spite of any perceived or 
communicated dangers, and will resist attempts to change their course. This 
effect becomes more pronounced within Zone-1372-Charlie, and even after removal, 
subjects will attempt to build or procure a ship and continue towards SCP-1372 
regardless of time of separation and in spite of all curative attempts. A small 
number of subjects appear to be immune to these effects, though it is currently 
not understood why. 

Any ship that crosses SCP-1372 will disappear from all forms of visual contact. 
GPS monitoring abruptly cuts off once the ship crosses completely. Observers 
report that the bow of the ship tips down upon crossing SCP-1372 and that the 
ship appears to descend; however, remote observation does not observe the same 
effects. No personnel have been successfully recovered after crossing SCP-1372, 
and remote probes do not appear to function properly. Thus the nature of the 
area entered by ships crossing SCP-1372 is not yet fully understood. All that is 
currently known is inferred from analysis and eyewitness reports concerning 
instances of SCP-1372-1. 

On occasion, sailing ships will emerge from SCP-1372. These are collectively 
designated as SCP-1372-1. Observation of these vessels has shown that the sails 
are tattered or missing, and engines are corroded beyond usability. In at least 
5 cases, the rudder of the ship has been observed to have been destroyed, and 
one instance of SCP-1372-1 was found with a large hole below the waterline. It 
is currently unknown how instances are able to sail. To date, over 50 instances 
of SCP-1372-1 have been observed and contained by the Foundation, ██ of 
which correspond to ships reported missing in the region or which were observed 
to cross SCP-1372 previously. When boarded, all instances of SCP-1372-1 were 
found to contain [DATA EXPUNGED]. Following Incident 1372-1, no attempts are to 
be made to communicate with any entity onboard an instance of SCP-1372-1. 

Note: Following Incident 1372-3, it is now apparent that the effects of SCP-1372 
extend not only to any type of sailing vessel, but also to aircraft which cross 
the geodesic segment. Containment procedures will be modified accordingly. No 
testing of any kind involving flying vehicles may be performed on SCP-1372. Due 
to their heightened speed and mobility, it is highly undesirable that there be 
any possibility of a flying instance of SCP-1372-1 being created. 


- Document-1372-1 

The following is an excerpt from the logbook of F████████ 
R████████, mariner serving on the ship [REDACTED], translated 
from the writer's native Spanish. 

12-04-████ 

I started to get a very strange feeling today. The sea's as calm as it ever was, 
but… I feel like we shouldn't be sailing this way. The supplies are still 
holding out, nothing's spoiled, but I can't shake this feeling that we should be 
sailing west, not east. Still, there's no reason to feel that way, and we've yet 
to find the trading passage, so I'll just keep this to myself. 

13-04-████ 

Turns out I'm not the only one feeling this way. The captain confided the same 
feeling in me, and when we asked around, it seems quite a few of the other 
sailors say the same thing. S██████ says it's an omen, and that 
we're likely getting close to the edge of the Earth, but the captain says to 
sail on. 

Note: Based on these writings it is presumed that on 12 April ████, the 
ship [REDACTED] and its companions crossed SCP-1372. 

19-04-████ 

We've made landfall on a small island. Inhabited, though thank God it seems the 
inhabitants are friendly. They're damned good cartographers, too. They've got 
maps of the nearby islands for what seems to be five hundred leagues east of 
here, but oddly enough their maps never show anything to the west. Must be some 
sort of native religious taboo; maybe they're supposed to regard this island as 
being closest to their gods. We've seen plenty stranger than that on the way 
here. Either way, they're friendly, they've got maps of where we're heading, and 
most importantly there are plenty of supplies. 

… So why do I still feel like we should be sailing back west? 

22-04-████ 

The captain ordered a turnaround today. He claims that the food supply may have 
been tainted. I went below to check myself, but most of it seems to have been 
thrown overboard already. Not that I care all that much, we've all wanted to 
sail back that way the past week. 

23-04-████ 

Horizon looks weird today. Almost like it stops. Still sailing back west. 

25-04-████ 

Made landfall on the island from before. The chief looks like he was expecting 
us. The fleet is sailing on tonight. Lucky the west wind seems to be in our 
favor. 

27-04-████ 

… If anyone ever finds this, do not sail west from here. All those men we 
scoffed at were right after all. The world is flat after all, and I've seen its 
edge. The captain sailed over with almost all hands onboard. I and three others 
escaped attempts to restrain us and stole the ship's longboat, rowing away as 
fast as we could to screams of "coward" from the remaining hands. The ship never 
turned, though, and soon we watched the captain's flagship tip over the edge of 
the world and fall down into the gulf beyond… may God rest their souls. 

30-04-████ 

Rowing together, we managed to make it back to the island. The chief's taking 
care of us while we work out what to do next with the remaining ships here. 

02-05-████ 

The flagship returned today, unlooked for. The captain and his men are aboard; 
we can see them from here, and we're sailing out to meet them. A man has sailed 
beyond the edge of the world and returned… what a glorious day for our nation 
of [REDACTED]! 

03-05-████ 

The captain… was only after a fashion onboard. The same goes for the crew… 
they are gone now, the flames took them. Today is mostly a blur. All I know is 
that the moment I heard the men onboard that ship speak, I didn't want to 
understand their far-off words. I wanted to destroy them before they could speak 
again. God help me, I helped the natives do just that. And now the flagship lies 
just offshore, one pristine sail still fluttering in the wind… Forgive me, 
Captain, but I no longer want to know what you saw beyond the edge of the Earth. 

01-09-████ 

After what I saw that day, I couldn't bring myself to return to the sea. The few 
of us that fled the ships in the longboats as they sailed blithely over the edge 
into… whatever Hell lies beyond… are the only ones who remain. With the 
natives' help we were able to make our way north to Asia and slip back west over 
land.. We'll have to invent quite a story to explain how over two hundred men 
died, but we'll think of something. We sail at dawn for the Canary Islands; 
hopefully if we come in from the east we can convince them we were coming from 
across the Atlantic. 

I think it's best for the peace of mind of the world if we tell them there isn't 
an edge. Some damn fool is bound to go looking for it, and then another ship 
could end up like [REDACTED] again. Even thinking about something like that 
freely sailing the seas is reason enough to keep that place a secret. If anyone 
asks, we sailed around the world. First men. Quite an honor. Shame it has to be 
a lie, and I know lying's a sin, but none of those men in the Bible ever saw 
what I saw onboard that dark ship. Forgive me, Lord, but the world needs this 
children's story, not a man's truth. 

The following document is classified Top Secret. Access is restricted to 
researchers with a clearance level of 4/1372 or higher. 


Interview Log 1372-1 

Chief L███ is the appointed elder of the native tribe inhabiting
███████. This island is the only landmass located inside of
Zone-1372-Alpha. All inhabitants are aware of the effects of SCP-1372.
While most of the inhabitants speak at least limited English, as well
as a language determined to be of the Malayo-Polynesian family, a
small number speak a dialect completely incomprehensible to the other
inhabitants, and refuse violently any attempts to teach them the
"common" speech. Chief L███ in particular became violent towards
Foundation personnel when an attempt was made to communicate in
English; however, after several weeks of work, Dr. R██████, Foundation
linguist and anthropologist, was able to decipher enough of the
language to hold the following interview with Chief L███.

Dr. R███████: Thank you for speaking with us, Elder.

Chief L███: I am to understand you wish to "contain" this place. The
"edge". (L███ gestures out towards SCP-1372.) If that is the case,
then I will need to impart you with my knowledge of this… what did you
call it?

R██████: An anomalous region. You aren't going to resist our efforts
here?

L███: We are simple people who have trouble enough with one ship. You
are representative of an entire nation. I certainly wish for things to
continue as they are, but what would resisting accomplish? You would
simply take what you desire regardless, and then you would be without
my knowledge.

R██████: I understand. Please, tell me what you know about the
anomaly. (Note: Term used by both parties is closer to "unknown/magic
sea/waters/realm"; for brevity's sake it is translated here as simply
"anomaly".)

L███: (pauses for breath) Our people still recall the stories of that
group whose log brought you here. I pity what became of their captain.
As you no doubt learned from the log, our maps do not show anything
west of us. You know why that is now. (L███ looks out to the ocean and
towards SCP-1372 again.) We can all see it, Doctor. Despite that, from
time to time some of the young men band together and set out on a
ship. They want to see what lies beyond the edge of the map. Aren't
your people the same way, Doctor?

R██████: Curiosity is one thing, but the anomaly, well…

L███: (laughs) You are correct. But you did not fly in from the east.
As for what lies beyond the edge, I have no more idea than you. Or
rather, I don't know in the manner your people want to hear. All I can
tell you is what returns.

R██████: You've come into contact with the anomalous vessels, then?

L███: If that is your term for the ships that return from the edge,
then yes, I have seen a few. We learned very early on, Doctor, that
while they look just like our own ships, and our own people, they are
no longer ours. Their nature is not something I understand, but
whatever lies beyond that edge does not lie on this Earth. Those who
make contact… you saw that yourself the other day. Firsthand, I
believe? (Note: L███ appears here to be referring to Incident 1372-1,
which had occurred 3 days beforehand.) They are made like them. Part
of the… (uncertain) "crew" of those plague ships.

R██████: A plague? Will you explain that further, Elder? We examined
the men on the vessel, and… (pauses) We opened their bodies, and
within found none of the things that cause diseases.

L███: (interrupting) Perhaps it is not a plague as you or I understand
it, Doctor, but it is a plague nonetheless.

R██████: I understand that, Elder. I want to understand what you mean
by that word, that is all. It is not any of the kinds of diseases we
know, so it must be one your people know of and we do not.

L███: (sigh) It is not the kind that you know and that doctors treat.
Not like the disease that covers the skin in painful spots, or that
brings pain and sleep upon us. We call it ilekwah. It is carried not
by sneezes, or by touching the blood of the infected, like the
diseases you know. It is carried in the words of the infected one, in
the knowledge he brings from beyond the edge of the world. Because of
this, doctors cannot treat it, for it is like kurujin, that strange
disease that the sailors from the vast islands brought with them that
makes the young people say there are no spirits except for one who is
also three and who lives among the clouds. Do you understand?

R██████: I believe I do, Elder. We have a different word than
"disease" for things like kurujin and ilekwah in our language, though.

L███: You asked if I knew what lies beyond the edge. Our people tell
it is the realm of [REDACTED], where the dead dwell. But that is not
an answer that satisfies a man of the great islands. And of the nature
of [REDACTED]'s realm, we have no more idea than you. (pause) You
surely noticed my anger at your… assistant speaking in the vast
island's tongue. But I cannot be allowed to comprehend that tongue.

R██████: And why is that? Surely it would make speaking with the
sailors who join your tribe easier.

L███: If I knew the speech of the vast islands as those sailors and
many of my people do, then I would understand the words of those who
return from beyond the edge. And if I understand, then I too will
become like the damned men you sent onboard the vessel that returned
three days ago. You see?

R██████: I… don't believe I follow, Elder.

L███: I told you, Doctor. The words of those who return from beyond
the end of the world are a message from [REDACTED]. They sing his
praises eternally as they sail the sea, and they speak of what you
crave to know. And any who comprehend their words will fall to the
plague as well. That is why we do not know the nature of the realm
where the dead dwell. Months before you came, a ship appeared from the
edge whose crew spoke in the speech of the vast islands, and my people
and the sailors who lived with them comprehended. They all joined the
crew of that ship. It was with great difficulty indeed that we were
able to destroy that plague ship…

R██████: Simple comprehension passes on the contagion? Then the reason
you won't learn English, or the common tongue…

L███: You understand now? That is why my people use fire against it,
as that logbook you found surely tells. If I am to trust you with
safeguarding the edge, then you must understand that. It is a plague,
and it cannot be allowed to leave these waters. When it was just my
people and their simple longboats, it was easy. Even when that man's
entire fleet emerged, one by one, we somehow managed to subdue each
ship in turn. But now, you have machines that fly through the air, and
ships that dwarf the mighty sharks of the deep. And out in the open
air of our world, I am far from sure your Foundation can contain or
protect from what the plague ships carry.

R██████: That's what we do, Elder.

L███: That is what you desire to do, Doctor. I entrust this island to
your keeping. And I entrust the edge to you to guard. Fail, and the
plague ships will come. Do not betray us.

(Following this interview, all inhabitants were relocated to an
uninhabited atoll in the Marshall Islands and underwent memory
restructuring to remove all memories of SCP-1372 and their residence
on the island. All remaining documentation regarding the island and
SCP-1372 has been classified by order of O5 Command, with the
exception of Document-1372-1. Researchers with classified access of
4/1372 or higher may view these documents with permission of at least
one O5 member.)


