                                    SCP-4428                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  Dr. Michaels                                  
                                  ------------                                  

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION
DEPARTMENT OF MISCOMMUNICATIONS

The Department of Miscommunications (DoMc) is to handle all documentation and 
communication involving Dr. Michaels and follow a strict set of rules. These 
rules are impossible to state explicitly; however, we have designed this 
document in a way that heavily implies them. 

—Eli Forkley, Director, DoMc

DOMC NOTICE: This file requires non-anomalous comprehensive inoculation.

☐ Commence non-anomalous inoculation.

Dr. Michaels is Dr. Michaels.	Dr. Michaels is not Dr. Michaels.
The Earth is round.	The Earth is flat.
The sky is blue.	The sky is green.
[✔] Inoculation complete. You may proceed.

COMMUNICABILITY INDEX: For adherence to the DoMc personnel Code of Linguistic 
Integrity, the information contained herein is 100% accurate and readily 
communicable through textual, pictorial, visual, audial, and subliminal means. 
Questionable personnel are to proceed to the Site-96 Medical Wing for the 
administration of Class-A Veritants,1 and if necessary, subsequent 
administration of Class-C Amnestics. 

Item Number: Dr. Michaels

Containment Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Dr. Michaels is not in danger. The personal 
well-being of Dr. Michaels is to be ensured. To this end, Dr. Michaels is kept 
at Site-96 and is not permitted to interact with personnel unless they are 
directly involved in his research and containment. 

A custodial team will follow Dr. Michaels throughout the day and sanitize the 
area after he leaves. No member of this staff is permitted to discuss their 
duties or the situations surrounding them. 

Description: Doctor Jeremy Feldson Michaels is a non-anomalous human male of 
British-Indian descent, currently employed as a Level-3 Researcher at Site-96. 
Dr. Michaels is 33 years of age and has worked for the Foundation for 8 years. 
He is unmarried and an only child, with no immediate family aside from his 
parents. 


Addenda Materials

I. Personal Safety Assessment Battery

VIDEO LOG

DATE: 2019/10/20

TIME: 08:16 UTC

FOREWORD: Dr. Michaels is an asset to the Foundation due to his competencies in 
the fields of linguistics and miscommunications. The use of a Personal Safety 
Assessment Battery (or PSAB) is necessary to identify risks to his personal 
well-being. Designated personnel conducted the PSAB inside a locked containment 
chamber to identify issues with Dr. Michaels' mental health. 

[BEGIN LOG]


Interviewer: Okay, so just tell me your name — as is protocol — and we'll 
start. How does that sound? 

Dr. Michaels: [He takes a deep breath.] Okay, my name is Doctor Jeremy Feldson 
Michaels. 

Interviewer: Perfect, now–

[Interviewer glances above Dr. Michaels' head and shifts in their seat.]

Interviewer: Um, sorry. So anyway, you checked in with the Site Psychiatrist 
yesterday. Now, this is meant to be a sort of follow-up to your visit. Can you 
tell me about how it went? 

Michaels: Yes, well, I've been a bit foggy for the past little while now. You 
know how that is — we all get that way when we're stationed away from our 
families, right? 

Interviewer: Hmm, could you be more specific? How does this "fogginess" 
manifest? 

Michaels: I have a constant looming feeling that I can't get out of my head. 
Like something just won't let go. I am speaking metaphorically, of course. 

Interviewer: Do you know roughly when this feeling began?

Michaels: I would say right after we lost D-4428-3. Like, within seconds.

Interviewer: [They write on a note-pad.] Right, okay, so you had a traumatic 
experience. 

Michaels: It was something like that.

Interviewer: This particular D-Class was part of your personal research team. Am 
I correct in stating that? 

Michaels: You are.

Interviewer: Who else was on the team?

Michaels: Well, in no particular order, that would be Agent Rosewood,2 
D-4428-1,3 
D-4428-2,4 Containment Engineer Howard Winters,5 and Researcher Gabi Kalpana.6

Interviewer: I see. So Jeremy, would you say these feelings are recurring?

Michaels: No. Well, it comes and goes. Sometimes it pulls me down harder than I 
expect. 

Interviewer: All right. Your files say your family has no history of traumatic 
experiences — ah, except for your brother. Do you have a brother, Jeremy? 

Michaels: I do have a brother, yes.

Interviewer: The doctor referred to him as a "stressor", can you explain? What 
happened to him? 

Michaels: Well, I couldn't tell you where he is now. It's not that I don't know. 
It's that I don't want to bring him up. 

Interviewer: Correct me if I'm wrong… Your brother was a source of hostility 
toward you. 

Michaels: He was an arsehole, sure, but with him, it was more insidious than 
that. My parents took him in when he was a kid, and he was my foster brother 
ever since, and we did get along fairly well. When we were growing up, though, 
something inside him snapped. After that, all he ever did was weigh our family 
down. 

Interviewer: And that's when he was hostile?

Michaels: He wasn't confrontational — it wasn't like that — it was as if he 
was a dead weight on all of us, but especially on me. We grew up together, after 
all, and he was the most attached to me. When I went off to university, though, 
he– Well, he wouldn't let me go. 

Interviewer: The doctor's notes say you called him a– What was it? You called 
him "a parasite". 

Michaels: [He tenses up for a brief moment, and then sighs and regains his 
composure.] I wanted to be on my own, that’s all. But when I was getting moved 
in, weeks after last seeing him, he was just there. I was hundreds of miles 
away, but he was there somehow. He's done this to other people, too. I– We 
weren't the first. 

Interviewer: Gotcha. [They flip through pages.] Now, Jeremy, what is your 
favorite color? 

Michaels: Pur– No, wait, maybe we can just skip that one.

Interviewer: Are– Uh, you sure?

Michaels: Just go to the next question.

Interviewer: [They pause, putting a hand up to their ear, hidden from the 
recording device.] Actually, Dr. Michaels, you were here for the sewage backup, 
were you not? 

[Dr. Michaels nods.]

Interviewer: I recently got a report that they found the source of that, 
actually. One of the security personnel — they found a huge pipe burst in one 
of the abandoned basement sub-levels. It was an absolute flood down there. 
Nobody is sure of the cause, though. 

Michaels: Just now?

Interviewer: No, it was about a week ago now. They sent down a task force and 
lost one in the muck, and when they came back to look for them, it was as if 
they were incapacitated. They were fine, but they moved too slowly. 

Michaels: Okay.

Interviewer: [They inhale sharply and lean forward in their chair.] The task 
force said they felt fogginess, too, as you did. 

Michaels: Did they, now? Huh, how coincidental.

Interviewer: Indeed.

[END LOG]


II. Final Note

RESEARCHER NOTE

I have tried to make myself perfectly clear in this document. I am completely 
fine, though I don't know how much more of this I can take. Please, if you are 
reading this, and you understand that nothing is wrong: This can't keep up much 
longer. One of these days, someone might slip up, or even me, and… I can't do 
that to myself, or my family, or my fellow personnel. Miscommunications is doing 
wonders, and it's a miracle they've been able to get me through this, but 
there's only so much they can handle. Ultimately? I am okay, you understand? 
Please, please understand, and find some way to figure this all out. 

Dr. Jeremy Michaels

Site-96 Researcher

2019/10/20


Footnotes

1. An agent used to verify the existence of a specific memory within a subject.

2. Deceased as of 2019-10-12 @ 19:48 UTC.

3. Deceased as of 2019-10-12 @ 23:57 UTC.

4. Deceased as of 2019-10-13 @ 01:44 UTC.

5. Deceased as of 2019-10-13 @ 09:51 UTC.

6. Deceased as of 2019-10-14 @ 20:38 UTC.

[END OF FILE]

