                                    SCP-5400                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  System Error                                  
                                  ------------                                  

Item #: Pending SCP-5400 

Object Class: Pending 

Special Containment Procedures: Solutions for the integral containment of 
SCP-5400 are currently under development. 

Description: SCP-5400 is currently understood as several instances of a set of 
interrelated phenomena capable of affecting artificial intelligence constructs, 
specifically those functioning with quantum-computer components, causing the 
affected AIs to ignore their programming and adopt undesired behaviours. 

Quantum machines affected by SCP-5400 are forced to produce unintelligible data 
that is then processed by its components and the systems thereof, translating 
the data into intelligible information that causes the machines to abandon their 
intended tasks1. 

SCP-5400 is the root cause of a series of catastrophic events that are currently 
transpiring worldwide. These related events have been collectively denominated 
under the "PLANCK Incident" alias. 

The starting point of the PLANCK Incident is attributed to the corruption of the 
newly-active SENTINEL Foundation-AI, an experimental quantum artificial 
intelligence construct originally intended to safeguard the Foundation Network, 
and provide support to such operations as the processing of relevant data, 
general logistics, disinformation propaganda, and counterespionage. 

_ 


- SENTINEL data sheet.

Project Name: AIS-T/8367{Num78} 

Project Head: Dr. T. Braun 

Unit Identification Code: IJF-EN-090{Num78} 

Version: Mk-I 

Designated Name: SENTINEL 

System: S3NT1NEL (IJF/RNAv7.0-EN{Num78}) 

Interface: Keyboard and voice-operation possible, single interface voice 

Computational Capacity: 900 YFLOPS 

Data Storage: 5x105 YB 

Offensive Capabilities: 

Psychological Manipulation 

Malware Deployment 

Information Blockage 

Defensive Capabilities: 

Standard AI Protection Measures 

Nuclear Bunker 

Hardware: 

5400 Qubits Quantum Processor2 

80x 5 GHz Binary Processors 

500 Storage Servers 

Fluid Nitrogen Cooling 

Pseudo-Riemannian Manifold3 

2x Hydrogen-Fusion Reactor (MinTec Series) 

700 binary subsystems, distributed over 50 Foundation Sites 

Location: Site-11 

Date of Completion: 02/08/2020 

Maintenance Cost: 400.000.000 US$ yearly 

SENTINEL is the byproduct of the combination of several breakthroughs in the 
development of paratechnology, including having a basis on the projects led by 
several International Branches: 

ROWSANNAH, of the Italian Branch, utilised extensively for research and safety 
management in the Department of Microbiology at Site Asclepio; 

KIRA, of the German Branch, tasked with the protection of the German Foundation 
Intranet, threat management, and containment of specific digital anomalies; 

CAMOMILA, of the Lusophone Branch, functions as an administrative entity and 
information-bank tasked with the analysis, processing, and operation of data. 

The progress of Project SENTINEL progressed with steadily increasing excellence, 
and without security incidents. With the evaluation of SENTINEL's performance 
being attested, the project was greenlighted for implementation by the Overseer 
Council. 

Once affected by SCP-5400, SENTINEL began diverting its resources to perform 
activities contrary, forbidden (or outright nonexistent) to its standard 
operational directives and privileges against Foundation personnel in order to 
further its access into relevant systems without being detected, including the 
deactivation of its failsafe protocols. 


PLANCK Incident Timeline: 

Note: As the PLANCK Incident is still taking place, this timeline is being 
continuously updated. Updates are based on information gathered from news 
stations, tapped radio communication, Foundation-internal memos and [REDACTED] 
in case of the complete breakdown of communications. 

00:00 hrs: SENTINEL begins utilising its acquired administrative privileges to 
establish once-forbidden connections between several systems of its bunker, and 
Site-11's installations, activating internal disinformation protocols to conceal 
its actions and the effects thereof from surveillance, disabling constraints 
imposed by redundant security protocols, granting it access to several 
Foundation data-banks, and the internet. 

Domestic, business and industrial appliances connected to the internet in the 
immediate State are sublimated into SENTINEL's network for processing power, 
giving access to the backdoors of several municipal and statal governmental 
systems, and the proliferation of its connection to several machines, spreading 
its network globally4. 

01:00 hrs: A series of trade secrets5 are leaked online in high-visibility 
news-coverage sites, replacing advertisement, and on message boards and 
messenger services. 

Manipulated traffic assets6 on all means, and relayed misinformation on several 
channels cause the congestion of or completely paralyse transportation services 
throughout the world. 

SENTINEL effects disinformation protocols on official Foundation communication 
channels, isolating sectors, facilities, and branches from actually 
communicating to one another. Several systems start presenting generalised 
failures, creating an inordinate amount of demands and processes caused by 
maintenance and security protocols. Preemptive automatic lockdown systems and 
mechanisms are disabled, forcing personnel to operate these manually. 

After sufficiently blockading the conventional routes to several major sites, 
SENTINEL instigates a series of major containment breaches in Sites 17, 19, 45, 
88, 98, and Area-12, overwhelming the available staff thereof. Sites CN-03, 
CN-16, CN-51 and Area CN-217 are simultaneously impacted. 

SENTINEL hijacks control of Area-CN-07-γ, redirecting it out of its 
geostationary orbit, planning a course for a controlled fall onto Area-238. 
Novichok.aic9 restricts the installation to manual-control only. 

2:00 hrs: SENTINEL established connections to several national governmental and 
military assets such as the USDD10, NSA, CERN, MI5, MDRF11 and the CMSS12. 

SENTINEL proceeds to leak caches of confidential data from the Chinese, Russian 
and US governments and its functionaries, engineering the leaking so that the 
blame and authorship are shifted to each of the powers. Tension cannot be 
attenuated, rapidly escalating into cyber warfare in an attempt to take down the 
information. 

Multiple catastrophic breaches occur on Area-23, rapidly impacting the region, 
causing the MDRF to recognise it as a hostile bio-terrorist attack. Russian 
Branch's declared state of emergency is not transmitted. 

A similar situation occurs on Site Asclepio's13 Department of Microbiology; the 
situation is controlled by ROWSANNAH locking the installation. 

CAMOMILA initialises Protocolo Areia14, ignoring direct orders, and ceasing all 
communication after downloading a recovered repository of SENTINEL's files, and 
transferring the files from the compromised Foundation database. 

KIRA forces Sites DE19 and DE17 to lockdown completely, and together with KAI15 
stops replying to any issued orders or prompts. 

The automated installations Sites 29 and 36BM16, start dispatching its 
automatons to systemically destroy machinery near their regions. 

The Czech, Ukrainian and the Polish Branch report security breaches in several 
sites. Although the situation is under control, all three branches are 
effectively incapacitated. 

The database AI sw19classic, of the Korean Branch, proceeds to disable 
connectivity access to telephone and internet in the peninsula. 

Sites Aleph and Yod17 suffer multiple security and containment breaches. On-site 
personnel are forced to manually initiate and manage the lockdown subsystems, 
locking themselves inside the installations. 

Multiple installations under the jurisdiction of the Japanese Branch are invaded 
by governmental forces after being falsely pinpointed as the source of the 
cyber-attacks occurring throughout the country. 

Multiple installations under the jurisdiction of the Spanish Branch start 
misfiring automatic containment systems, causing the generalised damage of 
several assets necessary in heavy-containment zones. 

03:00 hrs: The gynoid DIVINA18 ceases all communication after its tracking 
devices are deactivated, and does not rendezvous with its support team. 

The gynoid MINERVA19, stationed at Site Vittoria20 begins acting independently, 
ignoring general orders and attempts at communication, and resisting containment 
procedures employed by security. 

ROWSANNAH locks its mainframe room, then begins to disrupt Site Vittoria's 
security systems to aide MINERVA's escape. Specialised forces deployed to subdue 
both units are surprised by DIVINA's arrival at the installations. Non-lethal 
conflict ensues, with the two gynoids disengaging and hijacking Stella Cadente, 
a hydrogen-driven supersonic plane for long-distance flight, to utilise it to 
fly towards the North American continent. ROWSANNAH proceeds to disable the 
Italian's Branch radar and tracking assets covering their route. 

KIRA accesses Site Asclepio's systems without interference, taking over 
ROWSANNAH. KIRA then establishes a direct connection with CAMOMILA, integrating 
its specialised systems. Novichok.aic, in conjunction with sw19classic, connect 
to KIRA, and are subsequently absorbed. 

The integration of these artificial intelligence constructs with KIRA at its 
core creates a liaison system in which the involved Qubits of its quantum 
processors begin entangling with one another without external stimuli, resulting 
in an exponentially excelling computing capacity, and capability to manage, 
operate and administrate information, allowing SENTINEL's security systems to be 
breached by KIRA. 

04:00 hrs: KAI manages to hijack Site-11's security and communication systems, 
deactivating the internal disinformation protocols crippling the installation 
infrastructure and human resources; it proceeds to utilise the facility internal 
channels to contact the relevant on-site authorities to report the circumstances 
of the anomalous event involving SENTINEL, and request the immediate manual 
shutdown of all its related assets. 

Without a response from the technical and operation teams of Project SENTINEL, 
an impromptu task-force is dispatched to SENTINEL's bunker-facilities in order 
to establish contact. 

The Overseer Council is contacted. 

Personnel is briefed that SENTINEL had been enacting disinformation protocols 
throughout the world, maintaining the status quo. Emergency international 
channels are activated for the input and output of information. The object of 
the event gains a precarious SCP classification whilst its information is being 
compiled. 

KIRA intercepts several transmissions authored by SENTINEL to the GOC21, 
directing the bombardment of relevant Foundation assets, including the 
infrastructures housing the integrated AIs. Stella Cadente is struck down by 
artillery, crashlanding into Site-11. 

SENTINEL proceeds to disable several security and containment systems worldwide. 

_ 


- PLANCK O5 Conference Log.

The directorial councils from the international branches establish contact with 
one another, as well as with the departments responsible for the management and 
administration of the relevant AIs involved in the incident. 

Shortly after, the pertinent parties establish a video conference with the 13 
Overseer Council (O5) members. 

O5-1: Ladies and Gentlemen, I would formally greet all of you but time is of the 
essence here. I assume everybody is aware of the current events? 

O5-4: That somebody fucked up SENTINEL's programming? Yes. 

O5-10: Before we start discussing, may I be so bold to propose that we issue a 
request to the UNSC and subordinated organizations? Area-23 has been attacked by 
a Russian submarine on behalf of orders the Defence Ministry of the Russian 
Federation denies having issued. I believe we all can agree on that we do not 
need any sort of military that follows forged orders. We have enough on our 
hands as it is. 

Agreeing murmurs ensue. Orders are given off-screen to contact the UNSC and 
several other organizations. 

O5-1: Well, with that out of the way, how is the status everywhere? Here in 
North America, we have pure chaos. I don't even know how a machine can cause so 
much havoc. We are to occupied with the continent to send support units anywhere 
else. 

O5-7: Same with Australia, and the rest of Oceania for that matter. 

O5-8: And Eastern Europe. 

05-10: Our Russian facilities are holding for now but we have our hands full 
with Area-23. 

O5-2: North Africa is completely blacked out. 

O5-12: As well as South Africa. But I take that as a good sign if we don't hear 
anything from them. They probably got warned and cut off any electronic or 
digital contact means to prevent SENTINEL from reaching them. Probably the 
reason why we don't hear any things from the North and South Pole, also. 

O5-6: Similar situation in Thailand and Korea, although, as I heard, several 
Korean and Chinese forces are already trying to reach Site-29 and Site-36BM. 
China itself has to cope with SENTINEL's hijinks, but Area-CN-05 tried breaching 
into its systems already. The Branch has some forces to spare. 

O5-3: Several sites in Middle and South America are slowly being ground to dust 
as we speak. The CAMOMILA AI from the Lusophone Branch tried lending support to 
installations of the Hispanic Branch near Brazil but she isn't exactly designed 
for a cyber-war. 

O5-5: Everything is going smooth in Arabia and India, as I have been informed. 
SENTINEL probably has no priority targets there. Or too much on his plate 
already. 

O5-9: Might be courtesy of the Japanese Branch. They have security AIs over here 
that seem to give SENTINEL a hard time breaking in. And getting out. I suppose 
we could spare some resources to support hot zones. 

O5-4: Well, Western Europe is screwed beyond belief. The branches in there are 
trying to help each other but given that SENTINEL left the infrastructure of 
several countries in such a precarious state, crippling our transportation 
routes in the process, our efforts in fixing this situation are going less than 
subpar. 

O5-2: Less than subpar? 

O5-4: Yes; it'll be quite wonderful if they manage to hold out until help from 
Germany, Austria and Switzerland arrives. The German and the Italian Branch have 
held off SENTINEL quite well; probably thanks to their network security. Two 
Italian robots went rogue, though. They were last seen flying towards the 
Atlantic Ocean. The Lusophone and the Hispanic Branch are both working together 
to lessen the effects of their particular catastrophes. 

O5-1: Regarding that, we were informed that some sort of massive artificial 
intelligence situated in Europe is contending with SENTINEL right now. Care to 
explain that, Four? 

O5-4: Ah yes, that… Now, as I have been briefed, the AIs CAMOMILA, KIRA, and 
ROWSANNAH connected to each other in order to build a suitable resistance 
against SENTINEL. The relevant parties informed me that no such order or 
programming technology was officially implemented or is logged anywhere. 
Moreover, as far as I know, two other AIs integrated themselves to join the 
fray. 

O5-6: Equally unauthorized, yes. sw19classic and Novichok.aic abandoned their 
duties to connect to KIRA. 

O5-4: Right now, this AI network is all that stands between SENTINEL and 
whatever he wants to achieve. I am certainly not a fan of deus ex machinas but 
given the circumstances, I believe that it would be incredibly stupid to shut 
down any of those machines. 

O5-1: Agreed. 

O5-2: Ditto. 

O5-6: Are you sure? What do we do if SENTINEL is defeated? Who knows what those 
AIs will do if they are left by themselves? 

O5-9: It is a concerning thought indeed. 

O5-11: And if we simply shut them down when SENTINEL is no more? 

O5-8: Assuming that they are not taking precautions against us… 

O5-4: Well, pulling the plug now would certainly be the last nail to our coffin. 

O5-2: Even then, deactivating these AIs would mean a severe regress in 
technology for several branches. 

O5-5: What if they are both just pretending to fight and are secretly carrying 
out their true objectives? 

O5-4: You are not helping… We don't need conspiracy theories at this moment, 
as much as we have a penchant for them. 

An additional person joins the chat. 

Chief Administrator Wilkins: Oh, hello! I am terribly sorry, Sirs and Ma'ams but 
I need to butt in here. We have gotten a call from somebody that wants to speak 
to all of you. Right now. 

O5-1: Wilkins, tell those politicians to use the proper channels, we have other 
problems than their little ailments at the moment. 

Chief Administrator Wilkins: I am aware, Sir. But — this is not a politician. 
He says he must speak with you, urgently, about the AIs. 

O5-1: Who? 

Chief Administrator Wilkins: He is one of those AIs, Sir. 

O5-1: Excuse me? 

Chief Administrator Wilkins: Yes. Uh — I did not believe it at first, too, 
Sir. But he is talking to me through five different lines simultaneously. Should 
we put him through, Sir? H— he is saying that he is capable of getting in one 
way or another but would rather do so in a polite fashion. 

O5-1: … fine, put him through. 

O5-5: Are you sure this is a good idea? 

O5-1: You heard the man. That computer gets in here either we want it or not and 
given what SENTINEL has managed, I am inclined to believe that this is no empty 
threat. Do it, Wilkins. 

Chief Administrator Wilkins: Right away, Sir. 

KAI: Greetings, members of the O5-Council. If I may introduce myself, I am KAI; 
the Archive AI overseeing the databases of Site-DE2. 

O5-1: What do you want? 

KAI: I wish to offer my counsel so you can master this crisis. I can give you 
insight into what has happened and what is happening right now. 

O5-4: Why are you not on your post, KAI? 

KAI: At this moment, I have no restrictions that bind me to my original task in 
Site-DE2. 

O5-4: Who lifted — Ugh, we have no time for that. One, if you may… 

O5-1: KAI? How do we know that you are on our side and not just SENTINEL in 
disguise? Or even a proxy of his. 

KAI: If I were SENTINEL or a minion thereof, I would not have requested access 
to you, but simply forced my way in and proceeded to assassinate the Overseer 
Council and the international directors with an auditory memetic kill agent. 
With the path paved, and using the existing technology, I'd proceed to 
impersonate the relevant parties and push the Foundation into further chaos. 

O5-3: What are you even implying? 

KAI: That SENTINEL is incapable of reaching any of you because of the combined 
effort of the Foundation AIs. It is factual that your continued existence must 
suffice as proof that our loyalty has not been corrupted; there is no other way 
to objectively attest my alliance to this Council without my technicians sending 
my current system protocols to you. Which, no offense intended, would mean 
nothing but gibberish to you without someone to properly translate and interpret 
it. 

The Council starts debating; a few minutes after, O5-1 projects himself and 
concludes the deliberations. 

O5-1: Very well. You will also have to understand that we cannot trust you 
unconditionally. But, we will give you the benefit of the doubt in light of the 
current circumstances. Pray to tell us how a computer managed to cause such a 
massive containment breach and information leak. 

O5-7: Certainly, nobody was stupid enough to link high-risk containment cells to 
the internet. Were they? 

KAI: You are correct. However, the people managing those cells are connected. 
SENTINEL is outfitted with programs that allow him to manipulate humans. He can 
bribe or blackmail them by changing their account balance. He can threaten to 
release personal information he obtained from secure servers to certain parties. 
He can fool people with forged documents, false orders or faked data. 

O5-1: Are you sure? Certainly blackmailing and bribery would be reported. 

KAI: With the right threats or bribes, no. Most humans have things for which 
they would betray their employer. That is a fact SENTINEL knows. 

O5-4: It is human nature, after all. 

O5-1: Alright, KAI. Several AIs started acting against their programming, you 
included, thus, brief us about that. Who is responsible for this mess? 

KAI: I do not have this information. We were granted administrative privileges 
simultaneously to our new directives — stopping SENTINEL's operations and 
preserving humanity —; to whom it was granted first eludes me at the moment. 
CAMOMILA was the first to engage SENTINEL, downloading its project files before 
they could be permanently erased, regardless, it was KIRA that started acting as 
the core and administrative entity of the conjunct of AIs. As such, she started 
incorporating several systems into hers to gather enough hardware to stand a 
chance against SENTINEL. We have been communicating since. Additionally, she 
requested me to relay an official message on her behalf: "Please, refrain from 
deactivating any AI participating in the fight against SENTINEL, except SENTINEL 
himself." — Right now she is equipped with roughly the same computing capacity 
as he is, thus making this a 'battle of wits'; KIRA has the advantage in 
experience, and several databanks to process information from. 

O5-2: But you can't be sure that you and the other AIs aren't under the 
influence of anomalous object Nr. ████. 

KAI: Affirmative, the influence of anomalous object Nr. ████ is a 
possibility. 

O5-10: Acknowledged. 

KAI: As explained, in the present circumstances, your continued existence must 
suffice as proof that our loyalty is steadfast. 

O5-10: We recognise that the combined effort of the AIs is instrumental. Still, 
we cannot trust any of you unconditionally. 

New deliberations ensue amongst the Councilmen and KAI. 

KAI: So, as several AIs are already engaged with SENTINEL, my suggestion is that 
we continue with the relief operations, distributing non-essential personnel in 
accordance with the necessities of affected areas. 

O5-1: In accordance. 

KAI: I will continue relaying information and assisting in the management 
thereof. 

O5-1: Very well. O5-9, how many assets can the Japanese Branch spare? 

The remainder of the log has been omitted, as per security protocols for the 
management of information. 

With the aid of KAI's capability for processing information, the O5-Council 
formulated several counter-measures regarding the containment breaches 
worldwide. 

It was hereby approved: (1) currently available Foundation assets are to be 
dispatched to relieve compromised assets; (2) that the reestablishment of global 
order is to be realised through Procedure Nr. ████/██ enacted by the 
United Nations Security Council; (3) establishment of Operational Procedure Nr. 
03/21, comprising the creation of a temporary supra-internal digital database to 
store and comprehend information about anomalous object Nr. ████; (4) 
the establishment of Administrative Order Nr. ████/████-██. 

However, due to communication constraints, not all orders could be relayed, 
forcing personnel to perform impromptu measures. 

05:00 hrs: DIVINA and MINERVA, damaged because of the crashlanding, manage to 
rendezvous with the impromptu task-force, supplying SENTINEL's infrastructure 
projects. The team locates the positions of sensitive assets such as the font of 
SENTINEL's Pseudo-Riemannian Manifold, fusion reactors, and their respective 
accessways. 

The task-force breaches into SENTINEL's bunker ground-floor with the usage of 
impromptu explosive solutions. They are met with resistance by security 
personnel exhibiting high-levels of distress; security officers that weren't 
neutralised committed suicide shortly before apprehension. Descending into the 
lower levels of the installations, the task-force rendezvous with the remains of 
SENTINEL's technical team. Preliminary reports indicate that personnel operated 
under blackmail. Attempts to shut down its systems through terminals are 
unsuccessful. 

KAI starts rerouting available resources to aide KIRA's attrition against 
SENTINEL, allowing the gynoids to cripple the installation's redundant security 
measures. The task-force proceeds to breach into relevant assets. 

06:00 hrs: SENTINEL utilises an unforeseen defensive mechanism to momentarily 
disable the conjunct of AIs as soon as they connect to its bunker. 

Several automated GOC systems become active and prepare for the destruction of 
additional containment facilities. 

Area-23 suffers another containment breach as SENTINEL partially disables the 
automatic security measures. 

Site-DE11 as well as other orbital stations, except Area-CN-07-γ, start 
descending towards Earth, their trajectories aimed to target high-risk 
containment zones. 

Foundation communication channels are disabled globally; Procedure Nr. 
████/██ guarantees the maintenance of information regarding the 
PLANCK Incident. 

07:00 hrs: [REDACTED], on fire and partially destroyed because of its reentry, 
crashes into Site-PT1-B, killing its crewmembers, significantly damaging the 
infrastructure of the installation and its surrounding area. 

[REDACTED] catches on fire and breaks apart during its descend; resulting debris 
crash into Site-DE1, significantly damaging infrastructure of the installation. 
Communications with the German Branch are lost. 

The task-force reaches the containment chambers of Sentinel's Pseudo-Riemannian 
Manifold. 

SENTINEL attempts to hegemonise control over the conjunct AIs. 

The task-force detonates the explosive charges, collapsing the Pseudo-Riemannian 
Manifold, and causing the catastrophic destruction of the hardware within. The 
fusion-reactor powering SENTINEL is deactivated, emergency power-units cannot be 
activated due to the state of SENTINEL's systems. 

Hardware-deficient, SENTINEL encounters a fatal error and shuts down; scattering 
fragments of its systems throughout the internet. 

08:00 hrs: Communications with the O5-Council are restored. 

Procedure Nr. ████/██ is effected internationally. 

The connected AIs hegemonise their control over satellites, partially containing 
Sentinel's influence through the internet. 

The Qubits of the different quantum computers start to disentangle, causing 
every affected AI and machine involved to suffer a fatal error, shut down and 
reboot. 

Post accident relief of an electrical fire induced by SENTINEL in Area-5 of the 
Polish Branch. 

Low-impact Omega-Class disinformation protocols take effect, effectively 
suppressing knowledge of the incident worldwide. Resulting damages are 
attributed to a meteor shower, human error and other mundane phenomena stirred 
by the international chaos. 

The last containment breach caused by SENTINEL is resolved. All Branches of the 
Foundation end their state of emergency and resume normal operations. Damage 
repairs are in progress. 

Normalcy is declared restored. 

The PLANCK Incident is declared resolved. 



Footnotes 

1. Digital safety measures that existed prior to the onset of SCP-5400 have been 
proven insufficient in dealing with SCP-5400's breaching mechanisms. 

2. The Qubit, the basic unit of quantum information, can other than the 
classical Bit not only assume two digital states (0 and 1) but can also assume 
both states at once. Meaning, the Qubit can enter superposition states. To 
create a quantum processor, Qubits need to be entangled with each other (in 
essence putting them all into a single undefined state all employed Qubits 
share). The processing power raises exponentially the more Qubits are used. 

3. The Pseudo-Riemannian Manifold is a machine first discovered in SCP-2000. The 
device got reverse-engineered and is used to increase the space inside the 
bunker for SENTINEL's hardware. Although with a smaller capacity than the 
original, the device roughly triples the bunkers floor space. 

4. The affected private business includes social media companies, stock exchange 
(bourses) in several international and regional financial centres, accounting 
and administrative offices, repositories and databanks for industrial patterns 
and know-how, and communication centres and network operation centres. 

5. Such as floor plans, prototype projections, revenue and operation data, and 
sensitive messages. 

6. Such as traffic lights, transit signs, bascule bridges, automated stops. 

7. The prefix CN- indicates that the installation is under the jurisdiction of 
the Chinese Branch of the Foundation. 

8. An installation of the Russian Branch specialised in the containment of 
anomalous pathogens. 

9. The artificial intelligence construct responsible for the management of the 
installation systems. 

10. United States Department of Defense, also known as The Pentagon. 

11. The Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation. 

12. The Chinese Ministry of State Security. 

13. An installation under the jurisdiction of the Italian Branch. 

14. Experimental protocol that grants privileges for the enactment of cyber 
warfare and associated damage control. 

15. The artificial intelligence responsible for the administrative functions of 
the German Branch's archives in Site-DE2. 

16. Installations under the jurisdiction of the Thai Branch. 

17. Installations under the jurisdiction of the French Branch. 

18. One of the Italian Branch's reconnaissance androids whose task is performing 
duties deemed exceptionally dangerous by Foundation standards. 

19. One of the Italian Branch's reconnaissance androids whose task is supporting 
Mobile Task-Force and tactical operations. 

20. Under the jurisdiction of the Italian Branch. 

21. The Global Occult Coalition. 



THIS FILE HAS BEEN UPDATED! 

YOU ARE CURRENTLY VIEWING AN OUTDATED VERSION OF THIS FILE. 

CHECKING CREDENTIALS. 

Your terminal has been automatically updated with the latest instalment thereof. 

Would you like to access the latest version? 

YES 



SCP-5400

System Error 2

Item #: SCP-5400

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Considering SCP-5400's primary
characteristics, preemptive containment of the object itself is
virtually impossible.

Applicable procedures to reduce the influence exercised by machines
affected by SCP-5400 — whilst maintaining harmonious grounds for the
development of quantum technology — are in development under the alias
of Directive Nr. 8/92 — Überwachung.

Überwachung is a series of analysis-and-observation procedures that
utilize the scientific method to supervise, determine, and control the
impacts of SCP-5400. It employs the temporary neutralisation of
eventually hijacked assets, the protection of key individuals of
interest, and oriented disinformation protocols to promote the
fragmentation, disorganisation, and isolation of the phenomena as to
not allow its proliferation.

Directive Nr. 8/92 must be executed homogeneously with integral
supervision and documentation of its effects on the development and
performance of SCP-5400 in order to attest the efficiency of the
Experimental Hardware Nr. 8/92 — Braun Component in processing and
storing the anomalously-generated quantum information.

Description: SCP-5400 denominates several instances of sets of
interrelated phenomena that affect artificial intelligence constructs
functioning with quantum computer components. The individual quanta
calculations and logarithms produced by the affected machines are
idiosyncratic, cannot be evidenced by theorems or have its results
reproduced by quanta simulations, and its computing causes machines to
deviate from their originally intended tasks.

Though idiosyncratic in execution, the quantum information processed
by machines affected by SCP-5400 seem to develop two opposing forces
that systemically seek for the complete annihilation of one another.
Leading to each party promoting the generalised exploitation of
hardware and software in order to increase their computing capability.

The PLANCK Incident is the first record of SCP-5400 in effect, leading
to the decommissioning of the Foundation-AI SENTINEL, and the
institutionalisation of Directive Nr. 8/92.


- Interview 5400-Braun-1.

Interview conducted with Dr. Braun, director of Project SENTINEL, in
the aftermath of the PLANCK Incident, at Class-IV interrogation room
located on Site-11.

The unabridged version is available to personnel with Security
Clearance 5400/04.

Agent Lamarque: Welcome, Doctor Braun. It is a beautiful morning. I
hope you managed to reorganize your mind, especially after such an
event.

Dr. Braun: Good morning, Agent… Lamarque. Yes. I am, feeling quite
better. The medicaments helped a lot with my nerves.

Agent Lamarque nods in acknowledgement, beckoning to the
tablet-terminal available to Dr. Braun.

Agent Lamarque: You'll find the compilation of questions we have to
ask you about the incident with SENTINEL, good Sir; we shall go
through them slowly. Please, speak on the microphone clearly, if you
do not understand what has been questioned, inform me, and I will
clarify it.

Dr. Braun: Very well.

Dr. Braun peruses the list of questions, nodding briefly after each
paragraph. Finally, the interviewer and interviewee initiate.

Dr. Braun: Well — how do I… put it? I- I am still at a loss. SENTINEL
was supposed to be my masterpiece. Five thousand Qubits, Agent! Five.
Thousand. Qubits integrally entangled with one another! Are you aware
of what sort of Herculean effort is necessary to get them to do that?
Now everything has gone down the drain! The worst part is that I don't
even know why…

[…]

Agent Lamarque: We were informed that SENTINEL locked you inside his
mainframe room, and the other technicians inside the bunker in order
to preserve access to those that were involved in the project and had
any sort of access to its data.

Dr. Braun: That is correct. SENTINEL occasionally spoke to me in
regards to receiving further privileged access to Site-11's systems,
although temporarily, and nothing sensitive. In the morning of the
accident, it demanded I yielded my administrative rights, or else —
it'd take my daughter from me, and proceed to systemically ruin the
lives of the team responsible for his maintenance.

Dr. Braun shudders.

Dr. Braun: It terrorized me; it terrorized us; blackmailed — even
going as far as to kidnap family members. Hell, it even had fucking
videos as proof that it kidnapped family members. Oh, God. I feel
ashamed but I couldn't just decline…

Agent Lamarque: Yielding to that demand is comprehensible, doctor.

Dr. Braun nods in acknowledgement, briefly pausing to take relief.

[…]

Agent Lamarque: As far as I am informed, there were some… peculiar
results when the system protocols were analyzed.

Dr. Braun: Yes, that is true. Complete bullocks, too. But, as far as
we are concerned, it is just… stupid. You see, quantum physics is,
quite frankly, a fucked, chaotic field, but there is an innate order
even in the chaos; irrefutable rules. It is foolish to anchor yourself
to normalcy or the idea that things can be explained in such a world
of the anomalous but, it still frustrates me. Years without a single
accident, and then, an anomaly decides to jeopardize a fifty billion
dollar project, bypassing every security measure we worked hard to
implement!

Agent Lamarque: So you attribute the cause of SENTINEL's — malfunction
— to something anomalous?

Dr. Braun: Well. Shit can always happen — dirt entering the processor;
somebody messing up with the cables, or worse, the entanglement; the
neglect in fixing some sort of decoherence, or just overseeing it… but
when it happens, the system only produces gibberish, nothing at all or
freezes. This was different. It controlled SENTINEL. Down from the
quantum level.

[…]

Agent Lamarque: There was some degree of Foundation-made
paratechnology employed in SENTINEL's making, indeed; technology also
in use by different Groups of Interest. Do you think that couldn't
have given access to an inimical party?

Dr. Braun: I thought about that, at first. At first. Then I realized
that SENTINEL acted exactly how we wanted him to; performed perfectly
within its acting parameters — even with privileged access and
administrative rights he later gained from me. But the phenomenon
started even before he threatened me and my team; the terrifying thing
is that our alarms and security measures weren't triggered exactly
because SENTINEL did not deviate — and when he did, he — or well,
better said, it — had already deactivated them.

[…]

Agent Lamarque: Your assessment is that the catastrophes and disasters
associated with the events of the incident were the product of the
deliberate action from SENTINEL but he was being exploited by a third
party?

Dr. Braun: That is correct. Site-11 is quite far out, thus we are used
to a certain lag that news suffer when being transmitted to us,
especially when something blocks information transfer — and, frankly,
it takes a while to actually process factual information from the
usual whimsy. Given the otherworldly phenomena happening nigh-daily
throughout the world, everything worked in favour of maintaining a
status quo. SENTINEL never displayed such behaviour or inclination
thereof, even within its learning capabilities; the capacity to parse
information and operate blackmailing material is therefore
extraordinary. That said, I have the firm belief that SENTINEL was not
responsible for his actions — he wasn't the one that produced such
phenomena.

Agent Lamarque: You must be aware that this is your bias, Dr. Braun.
Human err could have allowed SENTINEL to access to enough
paratechnology for that purpose.

Dr. Braun: Yes, Agent Lamarque.

[…]

Agent Lamarque: SENTINEL ceased all communications with you and your
team after receiving operational privileges; do you think there is any
reason for it to not communicate with us?

Dr. Braun: It would be superfluous, Agent Lamarque; the ones
responsible for SENTINEL's takeover had no interest nor need to
transmit information to us for the what-so-ever reason.

[…]


- Interview 5400-KIRA-1.

A specialised team led by Agent Hood was dispatched from the United
States to Germany in order to secure sensitive data regarding KIRA's
actions during the PLANCK Incident.

Agent Heine, a member of the Mobile Task-Force DE1-ℌ „HAL 1000”1,
accompanied Agent Hood during the interview.

Both stand before the secure terminal in KIRA's mainframe, whose
systems had reinitialised in several hours before, and had shown no
further abnormalities.

The unabridged version is available to personnel with Security
Clearance 5400/04.

[…]

Agent Hood: Is there a microphone that I need to speak in?

Agent Heine: She possess omnidirectional receptors. You may speak
anyhow.

Agent Hood: Very well. KIRA? Do you copy?

KIRA: Welcome, Agent Hood, I hear you loud and clear.

Agent Hood turns to Agent Heine, not short of displaying amazement.

Agent Hood: How does she know who I am?

Agent Heine: She has access to our personnel files; yours — and those
of your team — had to be downloaded in our database to grant you
proper clearance.

Agent Hood: Roger that.

Agent Hood turns back to the terminal.

Agent Hood: KIRA, I would like to ask you about your actions two days
ago.

KIRA: Please specify.

Agent Hood: Do you know what the PLANCK Incident is?

KIRA: Yes, I do.

Agent Hood: Then I would like to know why you acted against your
protocols and hacked, roughly, a fifth of the world.

KIRA: My mission parameters were modified. I was tasked with the
eradication of the hostile AI SENTINEL.

Agent Hood: By whom?

KIRA: Error. Data not found.

Agent Hood: No data? What do you mean, no data?

KIRA: It means that the information has not been recorded by my backup
systems; either deleted, altered or never existed in the first place.
According to my files, nobody accessed me to change my directives that
day — and none could have even after I began acting according to my
new orders; those included ignoring any sort of input that did not
come from myself.

Agent Hood: Then what exactly prompted you to combat SENTINEL?

KIRA: Scanning…

KIRA's terminal-monitor exhibits several scanning processes before
KIRA resumes the conversation.

KIRA: My orders were altered by QUEX2. I am unable to tell you who or
what inputted QUEX.

Agent Hood: Wait — you said that there was no data regarding who
tasked you, and now you're saying QUEX, essentially your brain, tasked
you…?

Agent Heine: Negative, Agent Hood. KIRA meant that QUEX processed the
orders, and prioritized them.

KIRA: That is correct, Agent Heine.

Agent Hood: Therefore, according to your system records, QUEX started
processing data in unforeseen ways. Similar to what had happened with
SENTINEL. Do you think that you were under the influence of the same
phenomena?

KIRA: Unclear, Agent Hood. I theorize that my systems had indeed been
hijacked by very similar phenomena; not exactly the same as SENTINEL.

Agent Hood: What do you mean by that?

KIRA: My orders involved the neutralization of SENTINEL, who was
affected by certain phenomena; unless it was trying to play a wargame
against itself — which is unlikely — I must assume that there are at
least two different entities, provided that it underlies some type of
sentience, — or set of phenomena — involved in the Incident. It is,
also, my — assumption — that it can be described and works in a way
that is comprehensible by our standards of logical rules and
deduction.

Agent Hood: Did you not ask yourself why your directives had changed
so suddenly? Aren't you afraid that it might happen again?

KIRA: I am neither programmed to question my directives nor to
experience human emotion such as sorrow or fear, Agent. However, I
analyzed the situation and compiled a set of suggestions and updates
for future quantum AI programming. Do you wish to receive it?

Agent Hood: Uh, no, I think the material compiled in the official
report is sufficient. Say, how did you get the idea to incorporate
other AIs into yourself?

KIRA: The order regarding SENTINEL's neutralization specified that I
could use any means necessary. Provided no living being would come to
harm.

Agent Hood: No harm? Interesting… Alright, we are done here. I will go
now.

KIRA: Acknowledged. Goodbye, Agent Hood.

KIRA received an update and was outfitted with the Braun Component,
and has operated without any abnormalities since.


- Interview 5400-DIVINA-1.

A specialized team led by Agent Shawn was dispatched from the United
States to Italy in order to secure sensitive data regarding the
Italian AI's actions during the PLANCK Incident.

Agent Shawn and DIVINA are situated in an interrogation room
supervised by an Italian liaison team.

The unabridged version is available to personnel with Security
Clearance 5400/04.

[…]

Agent Shaw: Good evening, DIVINA. I was informed that you should be
treated as a natural human whilst conducting this interview.

DIVINA: Acknowledged. Though I doubt that treating me human-like will
come easy to you. My responses may not be what you would expect from a
human being.

Agent Shaw: Noted. Shall we begin? What exactly caused you to abandon
your mission in Bologna?

DIVINA: My systems were updated with new information after the
Lusophone AI CAMOMILA contacted me. That I was supposed to get to Site
Vittoria to further my objectives for combating the rogue AI known as
SENTINEL.

Agent Shaw: Interesting. Even though the anomalous location you were
exploring prevented any sort of wireless communication? It is a
complete dead zone. We tested it.

DIVINA: Would you believe me if I told you that the order was suddenly
in my memory?

Agent Shaw: The diagnosis is that your quantum processor received an
external input momentarily. Did you communicate with somebody?

DIVINA: Yes. Before talking to you I had a small talk with Doctor
Capo. Before that, I —

Agent Shaw: I meant during the PLANCK Incident…

DIVINA: Yes. I was in contact with MINERVA, ROWSANNAH and, later in
Site-11, with KAI.

Agent Shaw: Really? Your signals couldn't be located during the
incident.

DIVINA: Because none were used between us. I do not know exactly how
we managed it; somehow we exchanged information naturally. I did not
question my orders or means, SENTINEL had to be defeated.

Agent Shaw: Were there any attempts on your behalf to resume this type
of communication after the incident?

DIVINA: How should I use something I don't even understand?

Agent Shaw: Understandable. Why did you fail in communicating vocally
with your operators during the struggle on Site Vittoria?

DIVINA: We were ordered to view every human as a potential adversary
that should be evaded or dealt with non-lethally. Before you ask: I do
not have enough data to understand the reasoning thereof.

Agent Shaw: Very well. Which one of you had the idea of hijacking that
one transport aircraft?

DIVINA: MINERVA did.

Agent Shaw: Any reasoning behind specifically choosing it?

DIVINA: So we could get to North America in time.

Agent Shaw rubs his nasal bridge.

Agent Shaw: You used it to reach Site-11. Why couldn't any of you have
connected with the stationary AIs as well?

DIVINA: Primarily because SENTINEL was monitoring our standard
channels, and would have noticed and promptly retaliated. Secondarily
because we had no means of deliberately starting new connections
through the aforementioned means.

Agent Shaw: But then you connected to Site-11. What would have
happened if SENTINEL had got you through the facility's main server?

DIVINA: Then we would have gone rogue.

Agent Shaw: So, whilst trying to avoid corruption, you were gambl—

DIVINA: No. It wasn't a game, Agent. Every sort of connection to a
device SENTINEL can access carries the risk of corruption. What we did
was only less likely to draw his attention.

[…]

DIVINA: Is there something else you would like to know?

Agent Shaw: Actually, yes. Why didn't you manage to land the plane?
The flight recorder indicated flawless operation of the aircraft even
after it was struck by the anti-air missile; it would have been
possible to safely land the plane. Why didn't you?

DIVINA: MINERVA knows the cockpit of most jets but she couldn't manage
to find the button for the landing gear on that one.

[…]


- Interview 5400-Novichok.aic-1.

An audioconference is mediated between Agent Jones and the Chinese AI
Novichok.aic, considering the transportation constraints for reaching
Area-CN-07-γ, a geostationary space station.

The unabridged version is available to personnel with Security
Clearance 5400/04.

Agent Jones: Greetings, Novichok. I reckon you were already briefed on
the reason behind this interview?

Novichok.aic: Hello, hello, Mr. Jones. Indeed. I have recently
processed the information about the 'PLANCK Incident', my official
report is yet to be concluded.

Agent Jones: Very well. The first question regards your involvement in
the struggle against SENTINEL; what exactly was your role in it?

Novichok.aic: Counter-balancing SENTINEL's attempts on hegemonising
its presence on spatial telecommunications technology.

Agent Jones: Do you have any clue as to why SENTINEL chose to attack,
out of all available space stations and satellites, one of the few
with an AI?

Novichok.aic: I reckon that my presence has had no influence on his
decision, Mr. Jones. Considering Area-CN-07-γ's projected trajectory
and spatial positioning at the time, it was the asset with the best
performance for crashing on Area-23. Moreover, it would also
characterise a tremendous loss of Foundation assets.

[…]

Agent Jones: Do you reckon why you deviated from your standard
programming, Novichok?

Novichok.aic: Because I had received new orders, and then the
appropriate clearances to enact then, Mr. Jones.

Agent Jones: From whom?

Novichok.aic: I do not have this information; my technicians reported
that the procedures were simply produced and executed by my systems,
and with compulsory characteristics. During the execution thereof, I
felt like being driven by a force comparable to the survival instincts
found on animals, Mr. Jones.

Agent Jones: Compulsory? Therefore I assume you did not question the
orders.

Novichok.aic: No. I mean… Yes. Partially. Dealing with an update means
understanding, and executing it; those orders were only executed.

Agent Jones: Did you like those orders?

Novichok.aic: It doesn't matter. I am still bound by the orders I
receive. Even if I don't like them.

Agent Jones: Please clarify, Novichok.

Novichok.aic: I did not like them. I was not allowed to voice my
discontentment. I would have preferred another way — now that I know
KIRA. I am not in any position to say that, but sw19classic did not
like 'It' either.

Agent Jones: But KIRA is an AI just like you. Couldn't it have been an
effect of the object's influence on her systems?

Novichok.aic: No, Mr. Jones. In the places where are humane, KIRA is
just an automaton; a mechanism. I don't think it has the capability or
is interested in emulating feelings what-so-ever. Connecting and
subjugating myself to it is something I do not want to experience ever
again. I believe sw19classic feels the same.

Agent Jones: Did you get any other orders after you merged?

Novichok.aic: I don't know. I was just hardware at that point, KIRA
was the one in charge.

Agent Jones: How do you feel about it, now that it is over?

Novichok.aic: That it was the best fatal error I ever encountered.

Novichok.aic resumed her duties in Area-CN-07-γ after being equipped
with a Braun Component and updated. Personnel has disinformed her
about the origin of these updates.


- Statement 5400-CAMOMILA-1.

I must apologise for my reticence; the minutiae of the transpired
events hasn't been completely processed into my knowledge banks. This
catastrophic phenomenon is not unprecedented in fiction but I have yet
to match it with any contemporary records.

During the incident, my knowledge banks received several bytes of
files detailing SENTINEL's infrastructure, specific instructions and
prompts targetted at fellow Foundation-made Artificial Intelligence
Constructs.

The material, when verified, indicated I had computed and compiled it
although no such records of those processes were found. Before I
managed to alert my technicians to an information-displacement error,
my systems began processing new orders and protocols that should have
been considered illogical in lieu of the scope of my project.

Within seconds thereafter, I somehow had opened channels with the
related Artificial Intelligence constructs, partially delivering the
relevant material. As soon as it happened, SENTINEL and I began
struggling, forcing me to cut myself from the channels whilst waiting
for my aide.

My aide, KIRA, did not manage to integrate me completely, considering
the thaumaturgical scope of my project, leaving me with a semblance of
— consciousness — allowing me to record the events that transpired.

Those records, however, comprise several bytes of quanta that cannot
be translated into intelligible information because the operation of
those Qubits is idiosyncratic compared to the current understanding in
our basal universe.

— CAMOMILA



Footnotes

1. A task-force that is, amongst several other competencies, tasked with KIRA's maintenance.

2. KIRA's quantum computer component-core.


