                                    SCP-2641                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Talk Spore                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Part I: Objective

"Tell me about your sex life."

The word broke his stupor.

"I'm sorry?"

"Are you sexually active?"

"Oh, no. Not for a couple of months really."

That was a lie; it had been longer. Much longer. He had never been very 
forthright about his sex life, not even with medical staff. It's not imperative 
that social histories be as accurate as, say, containment procedures, after all. 
Right? 

"Are you up-to-date on vaccinations?"

"Yes."

"Inoculations?"

"I believe so."

"How much do you weigh?"

"Uh…maybe…" the time he took to formulate a figure bespoke the sensitivity 
with which he always approached this subject. 

"I can weigh you real quick," the nurse stated. She moved her hand aside her 
waist from where she produced a handheld device resembling an infrared scanner, 
the sort used for bar codes. She picked it up to her eyesight and took aim at 
him. The nurse clicked the handle and a monotone beep sounded. 

"115," she read off the back of the scanner.

He looked at her incredulously.

"…kilograms," she finished without meeting his gaze. "Okay. The doctor will be 
in shortly. Can I get you something to drink while you wait?" She started moving 
towards the door. 

"Anything diet?" he quipped.

"I can go check," she replied.

"No, that's okay, thank you though. I'll just watch the news."

"Alright then." She smiled, her lips not parting as she left.

The room was washed featureless in the white hum of the fluorescent lighting. 
The walls, much farther apart than in the exam rooms he knew as a civilian, 
defied him to find a blemish upon their padded faces. There aren't many 
advantages being in one of the highest-risk populations for traumatic 
amputations, mutant drug-resistant infections, complete and irreversible 
psychological collapse, hyperacute exsanguination, and degloving injuries; and 
one in the only at-risk population for pandimensional dematerialization, 
temporal irretrievability, and the xenochemical liquification of internal 
tissues. But state-of-the-art medical care standards and capabilities were two, 
if not the only such advantages. 

With the push of a button, the exam chair began its massage therapy. As was his 
selection, the scents of lemon and rosemary permeated the air, it supplemented 
with purified oxygen and aerosolized anxiolytics. The extra O2 gave him a nice 
buzz. He rode it through his thoughtless channel surfing. Sports. Glamor. 
Politics. He stopped on the Foundation's internal informational channel. 

New construction project updates; another site dedicated to object containment. 
The rate of the Foundation’s discovery of anomalies is accelerating. He liked 
to believe that they were simply getting better at their jobs…that’s an 
expected outcome after decades of practice and process, right? Even still, a 
sulking sensation remained until a suspicion; the anomalous has been brought to 
a boil. The law of equal-and-opposite forces applied to some fundamental 
particle responsible for four-thousand anomalous objects’ escape from the 
conforms of otherwise insurmountable physical constants; the anomaly’s freedom 
naturally inclined to ride entropy like a wave, now simmering a sort of 
frustrated potential energy as its collective lay increasingly in stagnation by 
the hands of the Foundation's tailored special containment procedures; the 
reclaiming of their rightful place in the natural world, the term ascribed to 
them becoming less true with each one discovered. 

A knock. Even the Foundation’s doctors are advanced…with a sense of 
punctuality, he thought. The door opened without his reply. 

“Mr. Baker?”

“Yes hello, doctor.”

“Hi how are you today? I’m Dr. Fiael and I’m part of the team here 
managing your care.” This was a tall man with an athletic build, the type 
those like Luke Paul Baker imagined themselves to stand and walk like in moments 
of ridiculous hubris. It was rude of course to wonder the degree to which a 
person’s good looks helped established careers of intellectual authority, but 
he couldn’t help it here. 

“Nice to meet you, doctor.”

Dr. Fiael ritualistically washed his hands as he spoke. “It’s been a while 
since you’ve been here, hasn’t it? Last time was your initial employee 
physical and your inoculations. A year or two I read, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, 
so how has your research duty been, tell me about that. What do you study? Some 
chemistry, right?” The doctor sat on a stool opposite the exam chair and 
mimicked the patient’s body language. 

“Been good. Yes it is, chemical solutions. We are harnessing a 
uh…solanaceous exospore that when released forces the individual into 
ceaseless small-talk.” Baker could almost pinpoint the second the doctor’s 
regret bloomed upon his thin veil of an expression. He compromised with 
inaccuracy to redeem the conversation somewhat but also to get through it 
quicker. “…we study an anomalous potato.” 

The doctor nodded, his eyebrows heightened and his lips furrowed slightly at the 
edges. “Wow, that’s…wow, infectious small-talk huh? Can I get you to test 
a couple of my coworkers for that while you’re here?” Dr. Fiael’s clinical 
front broke as he laughed at his own joke. Baker managed to force a relatively 
convincing laugh; he had a lot of practice with that in response to this very 
joke having been made on innumerable occasions. 

The doctor sighed longingly as his sense of propriety returned him to a neutral 
demeanor. "But Mr. Baker, let's talk about this visit. Tell me a little bit in 
your own words what you know about why you're here today." 

"Well, I have been having severe itching over my face, arms, and legs for about 
2 months now that isn't resolved by the usual topicals. As I understand it, I'm 
here to follow up from the blood work taken by the on-site nurse last week." 

"Very good. We are hiring, you know." The doctor shot a rehearsed smile. There 
was no laugh. God he was so bad at these moments. The training of medical school 
couldn't prepare him, or anyone for these diagnoses. "Well, that is right. Such 
itching is commonly due to a fungal infections on the skin. Now I understand 
from your chart that you experienced a fungal infection relatively recently. 
Tell me about that.” 

“Like the rest of my team, I was at one point infected with SCP-2641, about 7 
months ago. I underwent on-site medical care and my symptoms resolved, like 
everyone else’s. We know the infection is mild and doesn’t produce these 
symptoms I’m having now.” 

“Okay. Here’s what I’m getting at. Part of the lab work we did was a 
sample to culture, and we haven't grown anything to date. Um, usually it 
takes…about 72 hours, and its been well beyond that time so we wouldn't expect 
to see anything from that. That's good news. The bloodwork however, was more 
revealing. It showed a high rate of eosinophils." The doctor allowed himself a 
breath. 

“I…don’t understand what that means.”

“…I apologize, I am sorry. Of course, that was poor form. It’s like your 
potato spores, isn't it?” He really was bad at this. 

“Those are cells of the immune system that are elevated when a foreign 
organism is…actively utilizing the body,” the doctor explained cautiously. 
He decided to pause and gauge what the patient made of the hint. “…from 
within. It seems that the infection may not have been eradicated as it was in 
your coworkers for reasons we can discuss if you’d like.” 

“What team do you work for, doctor?”

Thank God, he’s already figuring it. “Infectious diseases…my subspecialty 
is in those with underlying autoimmune disorders.” 

Part II: Subjective
 
Cyclospora solanacea Bakerifa. They got to name it, despite all my research, and 
they named it after me, its flagship, autoimmune, worst-case study. Let’s get 
this clear; having a systemic fungal parasite named after you is no consolation. 
What it means is one week follow-ups for your foreseeable future. The nurse 
exits the room quicker this time, having less to go over but also having less 
willingness to tolerate a proximity, I’m sure. Even behind a respirator mask, 
I can still see she’s very pretty. 

The walls are the color of limbs robbed of blood. They are suffocating me. The 
slight padding on the wall makes me wonder if this room could double as a 
psychiatric isolation. I smack the stale air, tilt my chin towards my chest and 
pet my stubble. The chair remains still and the television dark. 

In walks Dr. Fiael, Chief of Infectious Diseases and Communicable 
Anomalopathologies. His figure is cloaked in layers of personal protective 
equipment; an immediately-disposable body gown and some non-latex gloves that I 
think he has double-layered. These are a new development and “standard” 
given a positive result on another set of blood cultures. I know he doesn’t 
mean for it to, but it screams of my inhumanity and also of their utter 
ignorance of this disease; it was just one week ago that he shook my hand. 

"From studies to being studied, right doctor?"

"Hello, Baker. How are you faring?"

"Well enough."

"I see the collection upon your cheek is still swollen…looks a bit angrier 
than last time. Have you had any…production this last week?" 

With a nod, I indicate the specimen collection jar on the table. The materials 
inside fibrillate upon themselves, as if a mound of seizing worms. 

"Oh okay, well, that's not good per se, but at least it gives us more to work 
with here. Thank you. Honestly, that cheek looks like its ready, do you mind if 
we try to evacuate it?" 

"That's fine. But first, why me? I understand I have a weak immune system. But I 
got better after a week or so, just like everyone else. How come no one else has 
relapsed?" 

The doctor looks to the bedside table to confirm the needed equipment: some 
gauze pads, a tongue blade, a sterile specimen cup and some tape. He positions 
everything just so and swivels the stool to my left side. “Many infectious 
agents have a dormancy period after an initial infection; syphillis, HIV, even 
chickenpox, that one lives in your spine for life, ready to bloom into shingles 
one day.” 

I feel the sharp soreness as his fingers flank my cheek and press down. The 
worst part about the removal of these parasites is that their exiting through 
the pores of my skin actually feels good. He scraps off the pendulous exudates 
with the tongue blade and quickly places them in the sterile cup. I can see his 
brow furrowing in the process. “It’s possible this has a similar prodrome 
phase. The recent left-shift in your white blood cells could be telling us that 
it was hidden from the immune system for some time, and it could have been 
triggered, as in the other infections, by stress…something like that 
wouldn’t be unheard of. As of now it is idiopathic bandemia though, for 
sure.” 

His statements may as well be squid ink. Like many doctors, he tends to throw 
out esoteric technical terms to mask that he actually doesn’t know anything 
about what is going on. It is as informative as it is obfuscating. 

"Okay. That's enough for us, but I think we need to go ahead and finish here, so 
you have some symptomatic relief. I'm going to let the nurse do…all that after 
we're done talking here. Sound good?" 

I finally find the bravery to match his look of disgust with one of my own.

Dr. Fiael continues. "The plastic surgery team can be onboard to wash out the 
necrosis and patch you up, I've already spoken with that team's lead and he's 
going to meet with you before you leave today. You and I…need to talk about 
alternate treatment options. First off, I'm going to prescribe you some 
high-shelf narcotics for pain." 

"But I'm not in any pain."

"I know I know, it's just I'm going to be out of the office next week and would 
rather cover all possible fronts myself while I'm here so as to not burden my 
colleagues. Don't worry. It's better to have and not need than need and not 
have, so. But aside from that, we're going to modify the antimicrobial regimen 
slightly. The antifungals on board just aren't doing the job, as I know you are 
aware. This is clearly something we don't understand very well, and so our data 
on sensitivities aren't going to mean much, but they are all we have to go on to 
be blunt. There's another drug we'd like to try." 

"What are the side effects?"

"Yes, good question. Uh impotence, for one. Kidney damage, liver damage are more 
concerning; we'll have to draw labs for those weekly while you are on this. I'm 
more concerned about the eventualities that are more assured if we don't try 
this though. On one hand, yes, we have some things to watch out for and we can 
manage those well; but on the other hand we have a fairly certain idea of how 
this will progress." 

The doctor pauses his speech. I know by this point in our interaction that he is 
providing "therapeutic silence", which is just a fancy phrase for hesitation; 
the next sentence is going to suck. It becomes awkwardly apparent that the 
conversation isn’t going to proceed unless I give some sort of volley. "How is 
that doctor?" 

"Well how much detail would you like here?"

"I'm sorry?"

"Some patients don't do well with the details, so we like to ask as a courtesy."

"…I…Jesus…just give me all the details."




SCP-2641

Item #: SCP-2641

Object Class: Safe 1

Special Containment Procedures: Individuals assigned to SCP-2641 are
to undergo comprehensive physical examinations weekly to rule out
medical conditions or diseases that may reduce the efficacy of their
immune systems.

Researchers and biochemical engineers assigned to SCP-2641 for the
purpose of harvesting and refining immature spores must be fit-tested
with N-95 N-96 respirator masks monthly or as needed in the opinion of
containment specialists, and should not have facial hair that
compromises a proper seal. Respirator masks and other equipment must
be donned and doffed according to the established sequential protocols
of Foundation personal protective equipment.

Collected samples must be handled with pneumatically-sealed glove
boxes and kept in temperatures lower than 7°C to discourage
epidemiological purchase in the event of an accidental containment
breach.

Description: SCP-2641 is an anomalous oomycete or water mold
(Cyclospora solanacea Bakerifa) that colonizes a specific varietal of
New England potatoes (Solanum Bakerifum). Potatoes that are known to
house colonies of SCP-2641 are designated SCP-2641-1. Both are
indigenous to a lone, 5m x 9m patch of farmland in Upperville,
Virginia, USA, itself designated SCP-2641-2. The potatoes therein are
themselves not discernibly anomalous. The life cycle and metabolism of
SCP-2641 are comparable to other fungi which are dependent upon
vegetal root systems, the details of which are beyond the scope of
this article.

Premature removal of Solanum Bakerifum crops from the soil can result
in the aerosolization of immature spores that have yet to fully adhere
to the available taproots. 70% of individuals who inhale these spores
develop symptoms. The affected individual displays an extreme
propensity to discuss topics of relative non-interest to the neglect
of necessary biological functioning, such as eating and sleeping.
Thus, the anomaly is so named the "small-talk spore" in colloquial
referencing.

Infection by SCP-2641 in healthy individuals is relatively benign and
self-limiting as the nested spores are unable to successfully
establish a biofilm whereby they may germinate and mature. SCP-2641 is
eventually rid by the healthy body's native cellular defenses in a
vast majority of cases, with supplemental treatment curing the rest.
The otherwise-healthy infectee is not considered contagious, given
that the individual has undergone an aseptic treatment after contact
with SCP-2641, SCP-2641-1, or SCP-2641-2. However, moderate isolation
is recommended for the duration of SCP-2641 communicable period (7
days).


Addendum 2641.1

It has been recently determined that the degree to which symptoms
present is highly dependent upon the competency of the inoculated
individual's immune system. This was not initially known of SCP-2641,
as first-line Foundation personnel typically must be of a minimum
standardized health to qualify for employment. More severe symptoms
will develop if an individual's immune system is sufficiently
surmountable as a result of concurrent infection, chronic steroid
usage, or autoimmune diseases such as lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, or
HIV/AIDS. Further details can be accessed in the relevant medical
literature.

Additionally, it has been observed on several occasions that SCP-2641
has the potential to remain in a state of subclinical dormancy, only
becoming exacerbated in times of illness or great stress.
Immunocompromised individuals may thus appear to resolve all initial
symptoms yet still be at a high risk for sudden colonization and
mortality. The immunocompromosed individual is to be considered
contagious for approximately 7 days post initial inoculation, and
permanently so in the event of systemic signs.

The special containment procedures have been updated and the new data
prioritized fittingly.


Addendum 2641.2

Until up-to-date research disclosed the potentially fatal course of
the contagion, harvested immature spores of SCP-2641 were routinely
used by Foundation field agents who had passed inoculation challenges
to ensure sudden and effective escape from compromising situations.
The aerosolized spores were stored in capsule-like ammunitions, which
fit into handheld electronic devices similar to an electronic
cigarette. When needed, the device would expel the spores in a vapor,
simulating the smoking of tobacco.

The Foundation has discontinued the routine use of SCP-2641 in such
situations, although the ammunition and devices are still produced and
made available in the case that circumstances ethically permit their
use. The application of this technology remains particularly useful
for high-profile public figures whose medical histories and current
immune system health are known, and whose speech may be censored for
purposes of information containment.

The special containment procedures have been shortened accordingly.
For more information, contact RAISA for field protocols and standards.


Addendum 2641.3

Foundation perusal of financial records and sales invoices revealed
that the individual who owned SCP-2641-2 sold crops to members of
unorganized markets as well as major distribution companies. Instances
of SCP-2641-1 were likely among the crops. The extent of public
exposure to SCP-2641 is unknown. However, observational
epidemiological studies are currently being designed to address this
issue.

Potatoes distributed by the major company have been recalled nation
wide due to a fabricated concern for Botulinum toxin.


- Video Log - Initial Discovery/Patient Zero

VIDEO LOG

<Field agent Hutch McKenzie and Foundation agricultural botanist
Jennifer Cofield stand just outside the borders of SCP-2641-2. They
comprise a small investigatory unit sent to the coordinates after the
Foundation was implored by the Federal Bureau of Investigation to
follow-up on their Unusual Incidents Unit, which had become
uncharacteristically MIA after being dispatched in response to the
discovery of two fully-intact nervous systems found splayed across
SCP-2641-2. The agents have protective equipment that streams audio
and video to an off-site Command.>

McKenzie: Okay, thank God they've already removed the leftovers.

Cofield: I'm surprised; the local force stationed here has been
remarkably unhelpful so far. They seem to be more interested in the
weather. Even the UIU agents seem rattled.

Command: Probably just nerves.

McKenzie: Ha! Hey Command, you aren't supposed to be cracking jokes on
the record. In fact, I'm fairly certain you are not occupationally
allowed to have a sense of humor.

Command: That was an accidental pun.

McKenzie: You kill me.

Cofield: Let's hope that doesn't turn out to be one too.

Command: You're a paranoid one, Cofield, but I like it. This patch has
something to do with the remains found, though we are not sure how.
What has been established is that proximity to the site is not fatal
and that whatever happened to the poor farmers seems so far to be an
isolated incident.

McKenzie: Don't worry Cofield. I'm more worried about dying of heat
exhaustion in these stuffy biohazard suits.

Command: Standard precautions, McKenzie. The picture we've gotten so
far is moderately indicative of a biohazard, though there are some
obvious outlying data. You are to help Ms. Cofield navigate the
patch's substrate for anything unusual, as well as respond fittingly
in the event of danger.

McKenzie: Affirmative. You heard the boss, let's dig in some dirt.

<The two trek into the patch.>

Cofield: The soil is freshly tilled, I'd say no longer than a day ago.

Command: Mm, suggesting the remains decomposed at an alarmingly
accelerated rate.

McKenzie: Knock it off, Command.

Command: …sorry. Continue.

Cofield: These are potato plants. Nothing unusual about the stalks or
greens. I can see a few potatoes poking out of some soil, that must be
from the police and other agents as I see several bootprints around
them.

McKenzie: Just some good ol' new spuds, Command.

Cofield: I'm going to dig up more crops and see.

<Both begin uprooting potatoes. McKenzie pulls one out of the ground
and meets resistance. He continues to pull, and when the crop finally
gives, several others come with it. The video feed catches thin,
filamentous appendages connecting the crops, as if in a web.>

McKenzie: Uhh…

Command: What is that exactly?

McKenzie: Well I'm not getting my potatoes from anywhere except Idaho
anymore.

Cofield: It looks to be a fungus. It has spread along the root system
and is engulfing the potatoes.

McKenzie: It's…sticky.

Command: Ms. Cofield, is there anything unusual about the crops or
fungus?

McKenzie: Yeah, they are sticky. Are you even listening to me?

Command: I am hearing you but not listening really, no. I am
interested in what Ms. Cofield thinks of them.

Cofield: Starches don't usually form on the exterior of the potatoes
and their root systems, so that is odd. I've never seen a fungus
capable of this much tensile strength either. I'm going to open a
potato up to see the extent of this. McKenzie, can I use your knife?

<McKenzie doesn't respond and is studying the potatoes he just pulled
from the ground. Cofield scoffs and takes the knife strapped to the
outside of his protective gear. She cuts open an affected potato.>

Cofield: Oh wow. Good Lord. This is completely overrun with the
fungus. Jeez it is putrid. I gotta say, this is starting to get fishy,
another pun unintended…this is pretty unusual for agricultural fungi.

Command: Ok, collect a few and place it in the basket you have there.
Okay, good. Now focus your eyesight on the potatoes and we'll capture
a screenshot on our end. Okay, looks good, thank you. Please continue.

McKenzie: This reminds me of camp as a boy. Camp Douglas, I think. It
was so hot there, you couldn't breathe without sweating, it was all we
could do to just be out there. The counselors, oh that one in
particular, what was that guy's name? I think it was Joey. His name
was either Joey or Johnny…something with a J. He would sit underneath
an umbrella chair and wave a makeshift fan made of newspaper in his
face while we all crawled on the ground in search of shade or water.
He was such a punk, probably 15 or so if the amount of acne on that
face was any indication. People thought he was sweet on another
counselor, Jamie, but she was absolutely out of his league, and I told
him. I told him that one time, to his pimply face. I would have felt
bad for the guy but he was just such an a—

Command: McKenzie! God that is enough what is your issue, son?

<McKenzie shifts his weight, puts a fist against his hip, and looks
off into the farm's pastures.>

McKenzie: There is something about this open space and this vibe of
simple living, isn't there? It's like the more complex the world gets,
the more desire I have for simplicity. I mean how would it be like to
just walk for 12 hours one day? Huh? Just like early humans; they
didn't have much to do but just walk. Not exerting yourself amazingly
or anything, just casually walking, but for like…10-12 hours a day.
What would that be like…

Command: McKenzie, shut the shit up and get back to your job. Now.

Cofield: One time I walked 3 hours straight, it was with my dog. You
know that feeling you get when you are on a treadmill or something for
a while and you get off but it feels like you are still moving? Like
staying still is such a trippy feeling, just from walking! It's the
endorphins I think, what we were meant to be doing.

McKenzie: I had a good dog once, Sparks. Sir Sparky, we would call
him, he was training to be a service dog but he never could pass the
exams because he would jump on people that gave him attention. He
loved the attention, and would lick you to death before showing even
one fang, and he was real good at obedience, just couldn't keep from
his excitement! He was a mutt, we don't know what was in him except
for a lot of German Shepherd.

Cofield: And I'm not sure because I just don't have the time these
days, or yet really, maybe one day if I can retire, but if we
restricted our exercising to just walking, and got enough of it to
tone our bodies, I'm sure it would be the best looking body. The
weights, the gym, the muscle targeting; that's all great, but I think
it disproportions the natural physique of the body. The treadmill, the
elliptical, these are unnatural machines; they make me feel like a
gerbil on a wheel. Walking, that is the perfect exercise. If you
walked enough, you would have not just a perfectly flat stomach, but
the abs would be perfectly symmetrical…you ever see those abs that are
well-developed but look like a crooked smile? I dunno, I kinda feel
bad for those people despite their enviable health. It's like…meh…all
that for that?…

McKenzie: But that was our third dog really. Or was it our second? I
can't really remember too well on account of me just getting started
with my op training. Man I always wanted to do police dog training.
Did you know you get to take them home and they live with you? They
have to, the bond is the core of the effectiveness. Man, how cool
would that be? Does the Foundation utilize dogs? They should, dammit.
Hey Command, do you guys use dogs?

Command: What the fuck is the matter with you two?

Cofield: Hey Command, why do you make these guys shave for those masks
when the suits we wear have these giant head hoods anyway? I didn't
know it until I saw McKenzie here, but taking away their facial hair
is like taking away our makeup…it's a world of difference and I don't
particularly like it. No offense, McKenzie. I mean, what if I told you
that I could offer you a great job in one of the most prestigious
organizations on the planet but you'd have to shave your eyebrows
regularly? I mean c'mon guys, it's like us ladies walking around with
no bras or something, let them have that layer of dignity!

Command: McKenzie, Cofield, get the hell out of there. (To someone in
the same room) It's the fungus, it's gotta be. Go get them back for
Christ's sake.

<The two do not acknowledge Command and begin to separate, engrossed
in self-contained tangential discussions. McKenzie eventually makes
his way back to the barn and homestead, where he joins the local
police force in conversation. They all proceed into the house to sit
in rocking chairs on the front porch and discuss their ideal home
cooking.>

<Cofield decides to leisurely walk for as long as she can with the
time remaining in the day, and heads off in the direction of other
crop fields on the property. In the process, she steps on a snake in
tall grass, and is bitten on the leg. Cofield displays no sense of
distress or concern for the injury and continues walking.>

<McKenzie and Cofiled along with the members of the local police force
and the UIU agents were recovered by a Standard Recovery Cell. They
were taken to a Level-1 contagion facility where empiric treatments
began in an attempt to cure the suspected infection, as well as
Cofield's snake bite wound. All made complete recoveries and
appropriate teams were established for additional research.>


- Administrative W.A.R.N.S. Message - 2/19/2024 1

The below message is the latest indication informing Foundation
epidemiologists to the penetrance of SCP-2641 into private sectors.
Aside from marked confusion within Site-38, no complications developed
as a result of the message. The affected employee has been treated
with no adverse effects. The object class of SCP-2641 is currently
being reviewed.


**ATTENTION**

The following is a Site-38 emergency dictation from L5 Administration.

Please distribute the message below to the necessary personnel in a
timely fashion.

The rain is really coming down out there now that’s good because my
plants have been just dying of thirst. I don’t think it was supposed
to rain at all today, supposed to be later this week I know. I have to
help my grandmother get her pets neutered, they have animals all over
town. We live a bit off of Barne Road, they have a good amount of
space. I ended up with 12 cats, 4 are feral; just couldn’t turn them
away, they mostly fend for themselves. That’s the difference between
cats and dogs; cats don’t really need you to survive. But the dogs
they’ll just run around and around and they go nuts with fireworks.
Bimby will bite you if she hears one and you try to catch her, gets so
upset. Little mixed one I don’t have any medium sized ones just either
big ones or small ones. Real short legs, real long body, cute as
all-get-out. Didn’t last a week outside, had to carry her in and now
it's to the bed every night, just howled all night, up all night.
Nothin' unusual about that but. Needs more socialization anyways.



Footnotes

1. This classification is currently under review.



SCP-2641

Found. Med. 2024, 12(1): 98–103

https://apce.org/10.1007/s11684-018-0614-3

Anomalopathology Council Editorial

On the Immuno-Modular Presentation and Natural Course of
Post-Aerosolized Inoculation of Cyclospora solanacea Bakerifa: An
Academic Introduction to a Newly Described Anomalopathogen.


Authors

Dr. J Fiael, M.D., Ph.D.,  Dr. A Coviden Ph.D.,  Dr. M Prater M.D.,

F.A.A.C.S.,  Xien Yiefeng, Ph.D.  Dr. P Sholey D.N.P., M.S.N.,  Dr. R

Roblechon D.O.,  E A Muidos M.S.H.S.,  Dr. K Wallace, M.D.,  M.S.H.A.


Collaborating Institutions

National Institute of Parasitic Diseases,  Malun Center for Disease
Control and Prevention;  Key Laboratory of Parasite and Vector
Biology, Ministry of Health,  WHO Collaborating Center for Tropical
Diseases,  Seventh People’s Hospital

Abstract

Cyclospora solanacea Bakerifa is an airborne anomalopathogen that in
the healthy, immunocompetent patient causes reversible stimulation of
Wernike's area1 and concurrent downregulation of the prefrontal
cortex's glucose delivery and synaptic firing. The result is extreme
loquacity that is prioritized above eating and sleeping in the
affected individual. Once in the human milieu, the fungus can be
classified as an opportunistic pathogen; if given the opportunity, it
overtakes the patient's immune system with abrupt acuity and relative
ease, resulting in massive tissue necrosis and a state of suspended
death. A small number of epidemiological examinations with respect to
c. s. Bakerifa contaminations have been directed and are here
summarized as an academic introduction to the organism.

Keywords: cyclospora solanacea bakerifa; opportunistic pathogen;
anomalopathology; anomalopathogen; xenochemical; immunocompromised;
spore; neurological; parasitic


Introduction

Cyclospora solanacea Bakerifa is an apicomplexan parasite that either
discriminately or indiscriminately contaminates the host's non-vital
tissues, the basis being the host's immunecompetency or lack thereof,
respectively. The discovery of this pathogen has occurred within the
last few years by primary care and infectious disease physicians
responding to new onset symptoms, along with collected data from the
Foundation applied chemistry department.

The primary vector of c. s. Bakerifa is a unique varietal of potato,
Solanum Bakerifum, which is at the time of writing known to exist in
an isolated patch of farmland in Virginia, USA. The potatoes provide
the starch from which germinating spores derive sugar, their primary
source of growth.

Mature biofilms of c. s. Bakerifa colonize existent potatoes and
proliferate via the natural life cycle of the potato, progressively
colonizing new buds while in the soil. Prematurely harvested potatoes
may disseminate the spores via aerosolization, and thereby access a
human host. Organisms that are ingested by mouth are destroyed via the
normal processes of digestion.


The Immuno-competent Host

Patients without immune-modulating diseases house c. s. Bakerifa to a
relatively benign result. Once inhaled, the spores travel into the
brain's blood supply via microcirculation. The spores use chemotaxis
with an attraction for glucose molecules bound for the brain's neurons
and support cells.

It is believed that endotoxins produced by c. s. Bakerifa are
enzymatically specific for cells of the area of the brain that is
responsible for speech production, called Wernicke's area, and
accumulate therein. These molecules act as substrates which render the
brains cells hypermetabolic. The upregulated cells fire at unusually
high rates, resulting in accelerated speech production and a lack of
regulatory filtration from the prefrontal cortex, the glucose delivery
to which is reciprocally downregulated to supply the hypermetabolic
cells.

The hypermetabolism in turn stimulates the need for even more glucose
to cells of Wernicke's area, to which the brain responds appropriately
through signaling cascades. The effect is a runaway, positive feedback
loop of increased energy supplies and synaptic activity in this area.

Clinically, the individual thus speaks liberally with little regard
for the pertinence of the topic of discussion to the environment in
which the discussion takes place. The downregulation of the prefrontal
cortex limits the individual's ability to plan for other, necessary
processes, such as meaningful locomotion and the attainment of
sustenance.


The Immuno-compromised Host

That immunocompromised individuals display dramatically different and
global symptoms after inoculation of c. s. Bakerifa suggests that the
lympatic system of the brain, which is the filtration system that acts
alongside blood vessels to quarantine and eradicate waste and
potential pathogens, prevents these spores from successfully entering
the systemic circulation.

Once distributed, the spores colonize tissues and cells
indiscriminately and have the potential to access any organ. The most
common sites of infiltration include the muscles and liver due to
their high stores of glucose. However, immediate encampment of the
lungs has been observed.

Regardless of the systemic metastasis, the parasites engorge
themselves on glucose stores and delivery with the ability to expand
to the size of the cavity, organ, or lumen in which the resultant
biofilm is established. Extensions of the biofilm have been measured
from the base of the lungs to 3 meters outside the patient. These
extensions are fibrous and mucoid, providing a high tensile capability
as well as strong potential for adherence to suitable surfaces.

As the biofilm advances, it develops the ability to xenochemically
alter a variety of sources into additional glucose supplies. These
sources include the skin, bone, and other musculoskeletal connective
tissues. Recovered samples indicate a high glucose content and
denatured proteins.

When involving the dermal layers of the skin, the viscous mixture may
be forecefully expelled through pores for sample collections and to
relieve symptoms of severe pressure caused by swelling and
inflammation.

If not corrected or mitigated with symptomatic therapies, the affected
individual’s tissues will fully surrender to the parasite’s chemically
reconstructive abilities, save for the nervous system, which itself
becomes infested with the parasites, and the cardiovascular system,
the continual motion of which prevents the same opportunities that the
parasites have with less dynamic body systems.

Because brain cells run solely on glucose and oxygen, both of which
the parasites are theorized to produce as a by-products, the nervous
system can remain functionally intact. Because expiration is medically
defined as neurological death, the individual is considered alive for
the duration of the infestation.

Though it has not been tested, the glucose-rich organic material fits
the mineral and nutrient requirements for fertilizer, the likes of
which Solanum Bakerifum might thrive in.


Treatments

Empiric treatments for those without a history of immune disorders
consist of pharmacological and invasive means by which to disrupt
blood flow, reduce the available supply of glucose, or both. Sedatives
are first-line therapy and reduce the patients speech, decelerating
the positive feedback loop and emaciating the parasites. Trials
utilizing a medically-permissible state of coma brought on by severely
low blood sugars offer a dual-front approach and have produced
promising results.

Invasively, nanotechnology can be deployed that artificially occludes
the vessels of the brain that deliver blood and nutrients to
Wernicke's area. The artificial mitigation may produce symptoms of
infarct, although not quite at the level of a stroke. The patient may
slur their speech and become mute. However, angiography has shown that
this is purely due to reversible ischemia and that the artificial
occlusion has no residual effects on cell function or neurological
status.

In all treatment options, the decrease of glucose delivery to the
region encourages the spores to chemotactically seek higher
concentrations of glucose elsewhere. In the process, they are
routinely captured and filtered by the brain's lympatic system, then
destroyed.

Treatments for the immunocompromised are less established and much
less successful. To date, no known intervention has been meaningfully
applied. Care is usually palliative and targets symptoms to improve or
sustain the remaining quality of life.

This may include but should not be limited in conceptualization to:
pain medications, plastics reconstruction, medications to reduce
swelling and that encourage the removal of excess tissue fluids, and
as a last measure, intubation, sedation, and pharmacological
euthanasia.


Dedication

The information contained herein is the result of seventeen case
studies. Fourteen of the individuals who had been confirmed to
contract c. s. Bakerifa had no immune-modulating diseases or active
infections; the remaining three did. One of the three was posthumously
diagnosed with HIV, which had been dormant until seroconversion a
substantial number of months after contraction of HIV paved the way
for the opportunistic pathogen in question to display prior-to
undiscovered symptoms and mechanisms of action, ravaging his body in
the shortest of observed time tables. This individual was C-Class
Foundation Scientist Luke Baker. He is the eponymous primary
researcher of Solanum Bakerifum and is the dedicant of this
publication.





