                                    SCP-4706                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              An Array of Nonsense                              
                              --------------------                              

WARNING:

THE FOLLOWING PAGE CONTAINS A POTENTIAL CLASS 5 COGNITOHAZARDOUS OR MEMETIC 
THREAT TO NORMALCY. 

ANY ATTEMPT TO DESCRIBE OR DISCUSS THE OBJECT CONTAINED WITHIN MAY ONLY BE DONE 
INDIRECTLY, REFERENTIALLY, AND WITHOUT THE AID OF NUMBERS OR NUMERICAL 
DESCRIPTORS. AS SUCH THE CLASSIFICATION COMMITTEE RECOMMENDS "THE OBJECT WITHIN 
SCP-4706" AS A SAFE MEANS OF REFERENCE. 

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

Access to the interior article can only be established from one of two 
air-gapped computers and requires the use of a specially constructed numeric 
passphrase. If you are incapable of reciting the full passphrase upon exit, you 
will be subjected to total neural neutralization. Amnestics have proven to be 
ineffective in combating the spread of this anomaly and such admittedly extreme 
measures are our only reliable defense. 

This is your only warning.

-Maria Jones, Director, RAISA


ESTABLISH DATABASE CONNECTION

Item #: The Object Contained Within SCP-4706

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: The Baltic Savings & Loan Bank of Manhattan, as 
well as all adjacent properties, have been seized and quarantined in order to 
affect containment of 'The Object Within SCP-4706'. No attempts to access, 
explore, or research this quarantined zone will be approved until and unless 
effective countermeasures against the anomaly within can be developed. 

Information about 'The Object Contained Within SCP-4706' is stored within an 
encrypted, high-availability database in the RAISA wing of the Foundation's site 
with the greatest number of employees. Access to this database as well as access 
to the approved viewing room requires approval from employees classified with 
high rank as well as employees who are members of RAISA's governing board. 

After viewing has concluded, personnel are to speak all of the digits used in 
our base number system. The attendant AIC will acknowledge this effort and then 
prompt for repetition of these digits. If this repetition is not carried out in 
a timely manner, neural neutralization will occur. 

Description: The Object Contained Within SCP-4706 is a highly contagious 
cognitohazard of an unknown origin that affects the ability to comprehend 
numbers. Those affected by this cognitohazard have their conceptual and 
perceptual understanding of any given number permanently destroyed. Due to this 
unique effect, acknowledgment of symptoms often leads to the rampant spread of 
this effect. 

Any level of communication with either a carrier or infected media is sufficient 
for transmission; even the subconscious use of numbers with direct reference to 
an infected subject is capable of spreading the effect. Estimating height or 
weight, reading numbers embroidered or printed on clothing, recalling 
information an infected subject refers to or implies, and a number of other 
potential non-verbal triggers may transmit the condition between a host and any 
number of test subjects. 

As of the last update to this article, no means of reversing the effects of the 
anomaly or retraining an infected subject has been discovered, including the use 
of both targeted and broad amnestics. 


Discovery Log:

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
As a reminder, it is not possible to establish a definitive timeline of events 
for The Object Contained Within SCP-4706. As such, events are laid out in 
sequence only. Appropriate references to external events have been made as is 
necessary. 

DATELINE: After the death of Princess Diana but prior to the premiere of the 
Howard Stern Radio Show. 

The Baltic Savings & Loan Bank branch located within Manhattan, New York began 
making a number of bizarre commodities trades at a time shortly after the market 
opened for the day. While these behaviors were flagged as atypical they were not 
deemed illegal or suspicious until [EXPUNGED] hours later when they had 
escalated to include amounts well in excess of the bank's total funds. Attempts 
to contact the bank's local office were unsuccessful. A Foundation asset within 
the banking industry attempted to visit Baltic Savings in person in order to 
qualify suspicions. After doing so, they referred the matter for immediate 
investigation. 

An MTF unit colloquially referred to by the name 'Bank Robbers' was assigned to 
this matter. Upon their arrival, the asset was waiting inside the bank and was 
retrieved unharmed. At this time, the MTF was warned of a possible cognitohazard 
and a quarantine was requested. Agents were advised the quarantine also 
contained them for the time being and it was suggested they investigate until 
extraction could be attempted. External communications were severed as well as 
all utilities for the building. 

[The associated bodycam footage has been transcribed, summarized, and then 
destroyed in order to protect expungements. Agents Jacobs, Rosario, and Higgins 
assigned.] 

Camera opens with MTF Lead Agent Jacobs reviewing the rest of his team and 
performing equipment checks. They agree to head to the lobby, and upon reaching 
the top of the stairs, the cameras pan to reveal [EXPUNGED] people in various 
positions throughout the room, fixated on pieces of paper and wearing 
expressions of fear or worry. 

Agent Jacobs approaches the teller counter where a woman in a light blue blouse 
is scrawling frantically. Jacobs attempts to secure her attention and he is 
unable to do so. The woman changes her position such that her scribbling becomes 
visible. She appears bewildered and is muttering something incoherent. 

The camera then turns to the counter to view a deposit slip on the counter 
partially filled in, and the woman is drawing her pen over the slip in a large 
circular pattern. The pattern of wear is such that her pen has pushed through 
the paper and began to run a groove into the counter beneath. 

Jacobs: "Nothing special." Jacobs removes the deposit slit from the counter and 
it tears. He holds it up and shows it to the rest of the team. 

Unindentified Woman: "What's my account number? I can't…remember what comes 
next…" The woman stops scrawling only long enough to speak, then resumes. 

The MTF searches the lobby and takes an inventory of those infected. MTF Rosario 
notes [EXPUNGED] subjects were near-catatonic and [EXPUNGED] subjects were 
responsive but incoherent. Jacobs gives the order to move out and search the 
upper suites. 

The camera regards a darkened hallway. There is no visible movement from 
anywhere down the hall. The floor is littered with papers and upturned banker's 
boxes. Balance sheets, statements, purchase orders, and other financial records 
are accounted as the MTF walks down the hall. The contents of these documents 
appear inconsistent and amorphous but the MTF does not appear to notice. 

Rosario: "What do you think of these, chief? I can't make anything of this out." 
He hands the paper to Jacobs who takes it and looks it over. 

Jacobs: "Not sure. Just looks like a pretty standard purch-…" Agent Jacobs 
trails off. Partially formed attempts at sound can be heard before MTF Agent 
Higgins rips the paper out of his hand and throws it away. 

Higgins: "Snap out of it! If you drop your guard for just [EXPUNGED] we might 
get our shit pushed in. I'm not going to lose you to a bank statement, so snap 
out of it." The other respond with an affirmative nod. 

Rosario: Whispering to Jacobs, "Hey, do you remember how many of us there were 
when we came in? I know his face and I know yours but something seems off here. 
I don't know if there were [EXPUNGED] or [EXPUNGED] of us and it's really 
freaking me out. What if…what if he's…" 

Higgins: "You guys alright?"

Jacobs: "I can't…I can't. I can see that there is…I can see you but. But how 
many? I…" Agent Jacobs holds his hand up and raises [EXPUNGED] fingers. A 
partially formed sound can be heard as the agent is attempting to speak. 

Soon after, Agent Rosario attempts to repeat the experiment by holding out 
[EXPUNGED] fingers on his left hand and [EXPUNGED] fingers on his right. He 
appears to make an effort to speak but is unable to form coherent words. 

Higgins puts his hand on the doorknob to a door labeled as 'Executive Suite'. As 
he pushes the door open, a bright light pours out of the interior well in excess 
of normal illumination, temporarily blinding the camera. Higgins enters the room 
and the door closes behind him. 

Rosario: "Maybe we should just sit tight for extraction. Wait. For Higgins. 
I…I don't feel very good." Agent Rosario slides against the wall until he is 
sitting. 

Agent Jacobs places his hand on the door at the end of the hall. A low, deep 
grumble is heard reverberating through the wall. Jacobs stumbles backward and 
falls into a sitting position and remains stationary. 

Jacobs: "Hey Rosario?"

Rosario: "Yeah?"

Jacobs: "Where are we?"

Rosario: "Baltic Bank. Manhattan."

Jacobs: "What's the address?"

Rosario: There is a lengthy pause. "I…I can't…There's…If I…"

Jacobs: I know. I can't either. It's like I'm dreaming but the…I…What comes 
next? What's the… 

Agents Rosario and Jacobs intermittently open their mouths in an attempt to 
speak but fail to produce words. This continues until the bodycam runs out of 
power [EXPUNGED] hours later. 

[End Log]


Video Log Amendment:

A partial video log was recovered in several segments from Agent Higgins' 
bodycam. The camera itself was recovered just outside of the 'Executive Suite' 
identified in the previous video log although the body of Agent Higgins has yet 
to be recovered. 

A majority of the footage was corrupted due to magnetic interference but a 
significant segment was recoverable and has been transcribed. As with other 
footage in this file, the original has been destroyed in order to protect 
expungements and minimize the risk of infection. 

Footage fades in after substantial interference. Usable video resumes just as 
Agent Higgins approaches the Executive Suite door and opens it. The agent is 
immediately lifted off of the ground and pulled at what appears to be a high 
rate of speed into the suite, as the door grows smaller by perspective. Higgins 
screams and his arms flail and the camera is washed out by white light and 
intermittent static. 

Approximately [EXPUNGED] seconds later, a collision is heard followed by the 
commencement of a low, rhythmic, thrum. Higgins appears to climb to his feet 
standing on an unknown surface that reacts to his shoes as if it were solid. He 
attempts to survey his surroundings but it is a featureless and white void. 
Shortly thereafter, magnetic interference shorts out the record. 

The camera resumes an unknown amount of time later with Agent Higgins walking in 
an unidentified direction. In the distance, [EXPUNGED] small but distinct dots 
are seen. These grow in size as Higgins approaches them. [EXPUNGED] of the 
unidentified objects grow in size at a rate faster than the others as they rush 
to meet the agent. The bodycam has difficulty focusing on the entities which 
appear as an indefinite mass of rapidly rising, falling, expanding, and 
collapsing pylons. 

As the entities encroach upon Agent Higgins he attempts to back-peddle and 
escape but he is unable to. Through unknown means, the entities restrain and 
drag Higgins despite his protests. Static interference gradually intensifies 
until the feed is lost. 

Bodycam footage resumes as Agent Higgins appears to be released from the grip of 
the entities. Before him is a large mass of writhing and undulating pylons 
comparable to the apparent size of Earth's moon. Entities similar to the ones 
which restrained Agent Higgins continuously merge with and split off from this 
central entity at a steady rate, entering and leaving from somewhere off-camera. 
The rhythmic thrumming noise previously detected has substantially increased in 
volume. 

Higgins: "What do you want?"

After a short delay, the central mass moves slightly closer as it restructures 
itself. Specific pylons are pushed up, distinctly visible from the rest of the 
entity in a pattern of unknown relevance. These pylons remain in place for short 
intervals before returning to the mass and being replaced with another set of 
pylons in a different array. 

Higgins: "What does this mean? What do you want me to see?" The smaller entities 
vibrate and undulate with apparent agitation when Higgins speaks. 

The large mass rearranges itself again, extending large blocks of pylons out of 
its body and into roughly geometric formations. It begins to slowly rotate as it 
shows all facets to Higgins. 

Higgins: "I don't understand. Can…can you speak? Do you know my language?" The 
smaller entities again agitate as the MTF Agent speaks and several more of these 
beings pour out of the large mass at once. 

The central entity rearranges yet again into a contiguous block with 
intermittent pylons depressed or absent. It appears to draw nearer to Agent 
Higgins yet again. 

Higgins: "It's…that's binary! I recognize! The machines where I come from use 
the same thing and if you could just-" 

The thrumming noise which had been steady to this point dramatically increases 
in frequency and energy as the large mass reorients again forming [EXPUNGED] 
[EXPUNGED] and [EXPUNGED]. Agent Higgins collapses onto his side apparently 
gripping his ears or holding his head. 

Higgins: "I don't…I don't understand…"

The thrumming dramatically increases yet again, producing reverberations such 
that the bodycam's housing breaks down and the device fails. 

[End Log]
 

