                                    SCP-446                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                Human Mannequin                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-446 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-446 is to be kept locked in its case and 
only removed for testing. Any clothing and accessories must be removed from 
SCP-446 when not in use (see Incident 446-A). 

Description: SCP-446 in its normal state appears to be a Caucasian female, early 
twenties, brown hair 17.78 cm at its longest point, unusually bright blue eyes, 
light skin with a tattoo of the Marshall, Carter and Dark logo on its lower 
back, 1.75 m tall and weighing 52.16 kg. SCP-446 is anatomically correct, at 
least on the outside. All physical characteristics are consistent with a living 
human, including skin tone and texture, eye color and clarity of the sclera, 
even body heat. SCP-446 does not respond to any communication, however, and also 
does not breathe or exhibit a pulse. 

SCP-446 is normally stored lying on its back inside a long aluminum box with a 
hinged lid. SCP-446 and its storage box were discovered in [REDACTED] by Agents 
███████ and █████. The storage box itself is 
unremarkable, aside from a plain white label listing SCP-446's clothing sizes. 
When the agents attempted to lift SCP-446 by the shoulders into a sitting 
position, SCP-446 responded to their touch by sitting upright on its own. A 
gentle push on its shoulders from the front encouraged it to lie back down. 
Further coaxing can compel SCP-446 to stand up on its own, and it will remain 
standing until downward pressure is applied to the top of its head, encouraging 
SCP-446 to sit again. SCP-446 generally does not move without prompting of some 
kind, although its eyes will follow the nearest person and it will make eye 
contact if possible. 

Moving and posing of SCP-446's limbs is also possible; once moved into position 
they will hold the established pose indefinitely. This works even in cases where 
delicate balancing would be required for a person, such as standing on one foot 
or even one hand. Attempts to push SCP-446 over have exactly the expected 
effect; it makes no attempt to preserve its balance and simply falls over. 

A medical examination of SCP-446 revealed additional information. See Document 
446-1-A for details. 



Incident 446-1 

SCP involved: SCP-446 

Personnel involved: Guard ██████, Dr. Sunderland 

Date: 9/2/2010 

Location: Storage Room 6, Site-██ 

Description: In the spirit of modesty, SCP-446 was initially stored clothed in a 
standard Class D personnel uniform. A guard later investigated reports of a 
"thumping noise" in Storage Room 6 where SCP-446 is kept. SCP-446's case was 
found to have moved several inches from its normal resting place as the result 
of rhythmic blows to the lid from the inside. Dr. Sunderland was called in, and 
upon opening the case, found that SCP-446 was attempting to rise to a sitting 
pose. It would bang its head against the lid, lie back down, and attempt to sit 
up again. 

Once the lid was opened, SCP-446 stood on its own without coaxing. SCP-446 then 
put its hands together at the wrists, lowered its head, and hunched its 
shoulders. SCP-446 also changed its expression for the first time since entering 
Foundation control; its face took on a subtle mixture of sadness and fear. It 
held this pose until Dr. Sunderland touched its shoulder, which prompted SCP-446 
to return to a normal standing position, expressionless. However, SCP-446 could 
not be induced to lie down until the Class D uniform was removed. 


Document 446-1-A - Medical Examination of SCP-446 

Medical Examination of: SCP-446

Conducted by: Dr. ███████

Subject is female. Physical characteristics noted as being consistent
with the description in the primary SCP documentation. The subject is
nude and reclined on the table. Also as noted in the documentation,
the subject's eyes follow me as I move about the examination room.

Although it is unclear whether or not this subject is "alive" given
the lack of respiratory and cardiopulmonary functions, this
examination will be conducted in the manner of an autopsy in order to
gain as much insight as possible, insofar as the subject is not
significantly damaged.

The body is warm to the touch. There is no sign of rigor mortis or
livor mortis. The neck, torso, and extremities show no signs of injury
or trauma. The skin is smooth and undamaged. Of particular note is the
clarity of the facial skin; there are no blemishes nor any sign of
past injury. The scalp hair is brown and the hair color is natural and
uniform throughout. Moving on to the eyes, the irises are blue and the
pupils are equal, measuring 0.5cm in diameter. It should be noted that
the pupils' size is constant regardless of light intensity and the
subject does not blink even when the surface of the eye is touched.
The corneae are clear and there are no signs of petechiae in the
sclerae or conjunctivae.

Examination of the mouth by penlight reveals a blockage at the top of
the throat. The opening is completely covered by a metal plate that
appears to be bonded to the sides all the way around. It shifts
slightly when pushed but does not dislodge. Similar blockages are
observed in the ear canals, nostrils, genitalia, and anus.

Now on to the internal examination. X-rays previously taken of the
subject show a number of irregularly shaped masses throughout the
body. Among these are the orifice blockages noted above. The brain,
heart, liver, and kidneys are also obscured by additional masses.

Before attempting the Y incision, I elected to excise a 1cm square of
skin from the subject's left flank. Examination of the tissue under a
microscope shows nothing out of the ordinary. However, observation of
the wound shows that scab tissue is visibly forming already, less than
a minute after the excision. Within 5 minutes, the wound is healed and
there is no scarring whatsoever.

Given the rapid healing of tissue damage, the internal examination had
to be quick by necessity. I hesitate to repeat the Y incision in order
to examine the subject more thoroughly, at least for now. As I
completed the incision I saw the subject's lips moving silently as she
continued to stare at me. We should avoid the possibility of
irreparable damage until we know more about its behavior, or until we
have located a second specimen.

During the brief internal examination I observed that the masses on
the X-ray appear to be boxes made of the same metal as the blockages.
They are connected to each other and to other unobstructed organs by
an assortment of wires and hoses. The boxes themselves appear to be
seamless and were not noticeably damaged by my scalpel or bone saw.
The wire and hose connections are flush to the boxes and have no
obvious means of removal.

At this point the Y incision was slowly closing as it healed. I
removed the clamps and watched as the incision healed fully in just
over 11 minutes with no visible scarring. The subject's lips stopped
moving shortly before the wound closed completely.

Unfortunately it seems that this examination has produced more
questions than answers. The movement of the eyes and mouth during the
examination suggest that a degree of sapience may be retained by the
subject. However, there is no concrete evidence. I can speculate that
the organ boxes may be preserving the body and governing its limited
and peculiar functions, but there is also little evidence to confirm
this. These questions will likely remain unanswered until I can
conduct a more thorough internal examination.




