                                    SCP-184                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                 The Architect                                  
                                 -------------                                  

Item #: SCP-184 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-184 is not to be contained in any structure. 
SCP-184 is to be attached to a high-power electromagnet at all times. Should the 
electromagnet fail, agents are to report to SCP-184's containment area and 
prevent access to all unauthorized personnel until the electromagnet is restored 
to power. The containment area for SCP-184 is currently configured to resemble a 
park with SCP-184 and its containment magnet disguised as statuary. Any and all 
visitors are to be monitored. 

Any structures affected by SCP-184 are to be demolished after review by [DATA 
EXPUNGED]. Final demolition approval or inclusion into SCP will also be 
determined by this body. No investigation is to be done into affected structures 
without approval and a rescue team on standby. 

Description: SCP-184 is a small, smooth metallic object, 10 cm (4 in) tall and 
10 cm (4 in) wide, in the shape of a dodecahedron. Each face of the figure has 
a circular hole in the center, and a small sphere is attached to each vertex. 
SCP-184 is made of an unknown, but highly magnetic, alloy about as hard as 
brass. 

When inside an enclosed structure, SCP-184 expands the structure's inner 
dimensions without altering its outer dimensions. SCP-184 will increase the 
inner dimensions of any enclosed structure by several hundred meters each day, 
beginning one hour after entry into the structure. Initially, SCP-184 only 
extends the walls out, causing rooms to become much larger without adjusting the 
height of the room. This expansion continues until the original dimensions of 
the room have been tripled. 

At this point, SCP-184 starts creating wholly new rooms. SCP-184 is apparently 
able to copy items from inside the structure, creating furnished rooms 
consistent with the rest of the structure. After a period of time, however, the 
expansion process appears to break down. For example, items will be made from 
inappropriate materials (glass books, a wooden microwave), rooms will be 
oddly-shaped, doors will open into blank walls, and hallways will be tiny or 
twist back around in long mazes. The new inside structures continue to be more 
and more odd, while the outside remains unchanged. 

This behavior is most dramatically illustrated in homes; however, it has been 
observed in other instances, including a cardboard box. The changes do not go 
away with the removal of SCP-184, but no additional structures are created. 


Addendum 184 - 1: Notes from Dr. █████ 

I don’t think I need to stress the fact that this thing can NEVER be allowed 
into Site-19. We may need to look into different containment at some point, but 
for the time being, we will keep it in the open, immovable, and hidden. 


Addendum 184 - 2: Locations of Interest 

It is currently hypothesized that SCP-184 or an anomaly with a similar effect 
may be responsible for the creation of Locations of Interest such as Backdoor 
SoHo, and Chūgoku Cellar. Investigation into SCP-184 as a potential origin for 
these spaces is ongoing. 


Addendum 184 – 38RB: Notes on recovery 

SCP-184 was recovered in the Kowloon Walled City in June of ████. 
Reports of the city's bizarre and explosive growth attracted Operatives, who 
soon learned of SCP-184, held in the possession of [DATA EXPUNGED]. After 
several police crackdowns, Mobile Task Force Zeta-9 was dispatched and recovered 
SCP-184 with minimal losses. The final effect of exposure to SCP-184 on both the 
City and inhabitants may never fully be understood due to the reckless actions 
of local law enforcement, which destroyed several affected sections of the city 
before Operatives could take action to prevent it. 

Interviews with residents yielded minimal information, with a communal “wall 
of silence” being the major response. A few documents indicated that SCP-184 
could be brought into a home and allowed to affect the dwelling for 50 pounds 
sterling per half hour. These documents were unconfirmed by residents. 


Addendum 184 – 38RB-s: Additional Documentation. 

Personal Log of Gordon Richards — Member of Mobile Task Force Zeta-9, the Mole 
Rats 

Personal Log Of Gordon Richards

Date: June 3rd, ████

Dispatched to the “Kowloon Walled City” to recover an object and
document anything affected by it.  I have never seen such a horrible
place.  The filth is everywhere, whole walls and even structures made
of garbage.  If you crack your suit for even a second, you get flooded
by the smell of smoke, cooking, sweat, machine oil and excrement.
Henry fell into a pit used as a sewer on the ground level after
breaking through a trash walkway.  He was fine, the suit was just
filthy, but he threw up and had to be removed.  I’m not sure if he’s
going to work out.

Everyone here avoids us like the plague, or darts out to throw trash
or insults.  They are a tribe, and a territorial one at that.  The
sheer crush of humanity is intimidating, and I’m glad I have the suit
between me and them.  The object is supposed to be somewhere in the
core of this mass, but getting there is going to be tricky.


Date: June 4th, ████

Local law enforcement led by Agents did a bunch of raids last night.
Cleared people out of some of the areas we need to go in, but there
are so many people here it’s hard to notice any difference.
Yesterday's recon helped uncover a couple “homes” affected by this
thing.  They don’t look like much, the same squalid homes as everyone
else, but they are too big inside.  It’s an odd feeling, standing with
your hand on the wall, and knowing that by all rights you should be
six feet outside the structure, in mid-air.  Henry is better today,
but seems really jumpy.  Lev took him aside and talked to him last
night, and I hope it’s helped.  I’m getting worried about him.  Caught
him muttering to himself over the radio today.  Told him to knock it
off, but didn’t report it, maybe I should have.  I think I’m going to
ask for him to be put on a different unit after this.

Deep recon this evening, we’re splitting up to try and hunt down where
they are storing this thing.  Lev and I pulled the short stick and
have to hike it around the sewer system.  Honestly, it can’t be any
worse than topside; at least I won’t have to keep seeing the blank,
empty faces of these people.


Date: June 6th, ████

Henry is dead.  We didn’t get back until early this morning; we’d been
off the radio for several hours because of all the interference.  It
seems areas affected by this thing screw with radio waves pretty bad.
The sewer was a nightmare, but no sign of alteration by the item.
When we came back up, Paul gave me the news.  Henry and Paul were
exploring near the center of the city when they got attacked.  A mob
of people swarmed them and dragged Henry off.  Paul was hurt and his
suit was badly damaged, and he had to leave for medical attention.
Henry was screaming over the radio for a while, and then it cut off.
Paul and a couple other Mole Rats charged in with some agents to
recover Henry, but after a few minutes, Henry came back on the radio.

His receiver was broken, but he could still broadcast.  One of the
Agents was recording, and he played it back to Lev and I, to see if
any of it made sense to us.  It didn’t.  He was rambling and sounded
like he was hurt.  Kept talking about the endless heart of the city,
the hell of glass, just crazy stuff.  Paul and the rescue team kept
trying to find him, but suddenly his radio cut out again.

Henry came tearing down one of those tiny halls, helmet off and
screaming like a mad man.  He ran right by Paul and smashed an Agent
into a wall on his way by.  He slammed into a dead end and just
exploded through it, right out of the building.  He fell six stories
onto some metal junk. It took an hour to get his body untangled.
We’re done screwing around here.  Agent Parks, Lev and me are rounding
up what amounts to the city elders, and we’re getting to the damn
bottom of this.


Date: June 7th, ████

Interrogation went well.  Agent Parks asked the questions, we provided
what he called “negative consequences for non-cooperation”.  The first
guy, some Triad punk, didn’t want to talk.  Two broken legs later, and
he was a lot more open.  Said the thing was called “The Builder”, and
nobody knew when it first came to the city.  He never had anything to
do with it, just helped stand guard outside rooms where it was
working.  He said that was all he knew, and that we had to talk to one
of the elders, Long-Wen, if we wanted it.  He apologized for Henry’s
death, said it was just the way of things.  I broke his jaw in three
places.

Long-Wen may be the oldest-looking man I’ve ever seen, and with a will
like iron.  He just took everything we dished out, and didn’t say a
word.  Parks said that the next stop was his wife and grandkids, and
that got him talking.  Told us it was kept in one of the oldest parts
of the city, some old temple.  It had grown, and made wonderful
things, but only the worthy could look upon it and not be overwhelmed
by it.  He said Henry was shown the wonders, in the hopes that he
would be able to convince us to not take The Builder, but that he was
not worthy, and was broken.

We made him show us where they keep it.  Long-Wen said it wouldn’t do
any good, that it was buried too deep.  They moved it deep inside when
they first caught wind of the Agents; he said we’d never get it back.
We’re doing Deep Work tomorrow, and we’re not coming out without it.


Date: June 10th, ████

Been out for a while.  This place is amazing.  At first, it was just a
temple that was too big inside, neat but nothing new.  Then we went in
deeper.  Whole rooms, altars, everything re-created and rearranged by
this thing.  It’s like someone built twelve whole temples inside this
one tiny structure.  Agent Parks set up a recall point in the main
hall with some other Agents to make sure nobody sneaks up on us.  We
suited up and went to work.  It started getting odd after hour six.
Lots of hallways, not as many rooms.  Then, eighty-three rooms all
connected by those sliding doors, each with a tiny Buddha in the
center of the floor, and nothing else.  Lev grabbed a few for samples.
We knew things were getting odd when we came to a perfect reproduction
of the first altar room, but appearing to be made of one solid mass of
wood.

Thing was beautiful and totally seamless, and not a single tool mark
on anything.  Paul found some documents, and we scanned them back to
Parks.  He said they were about the object; apparently they’re calling
it SCP-184 now.  Parks said it talks about how they moved 184 deeper
each time it made a new area.  They thought it was some gift from God
or something.  Used it to expand rooms, if people would donate to the
temple, or at least to the gangs that controlled it at the time.

I’ve never been in a place like this.  It’s getting harder to
maneuver.  The halls are starting to get strange, they go up at funny
angles, and the last few rooms have been tiny.  By Lev’s count, we
should be twenty feet above the roof of this whole city by now.


Date:  June 12th(?), ████

I’m getting sick of this place.  Came to a branch yesterday, had to
split the team.  I drew the “up” hallway, and set out.  Not sure how
long I’ve been climbing.  The halls aren’t regular anymore; they wave
in and out, like a frozen earthquake.  Everything seems to be made of
stone here.  Managed to squeeze into a side room to catch my breath,
once I looked around, I saw everything was made of jade.  It was all
colored right, and had the right texture, but it was jade.  Bed,
chairs, table, books, everything.  I sat on the bed for two hours and
didn’t think.  I got up and smashed the jade lamp that was probably
worth more than my life, and left.

I’m not feeling well.  I feel really disconnected here, like an
astronaut or something.  It’s not like other areas I’ve been in.
Never felt so alone.  I’m fine, I know that.  It's Henry dying, the
whole rotten city outside, and me being alone and able to think too
much.  Rats are tested for mental stability, and I passed with flying
colors.  It’s just my nerves.  I’m sitting on a chair made of
thousands of tiny dragon statues, writing on a table made of
super-dense paper, and I am fine.


Date:  June (?)

I’ve been out too long.  Food low.  Water low.  Not out yet, but
getting there.  Hearing things.  Keep thinking I hear voices.  Been
climbing for days.  Saw light today.  At the end of a side-hall,
bright yellow light.  I climbed into the hall and ran.  Smashed
through the door, and it was a room.  Millions of candles, all lit,
but just another room.  Pulled off my helmet, smashed the candles with
it.  Broke my lenses, neck seal, radio.  Didn’t care.  Sat and cried
for hours.  Dropped a pick down the shaft today, never heard it hit
bottom.  Almost jumped to go get it, but stopped.  Got to find this
thing.  Going to smash it to bits.  Stomp it.  Crush it.


Date:  June (?)

Food out.  Suit can’t make any more water.  Saw a hall with ten
thousand doors.  Ran down it, smashed a bunch, then kept climbing.
Lost my boots.  Floor looked like carpet.  Made of super-sharp stone.
Cut suit to ribbons.  Feet too.  Blood all over the shaft.  Hope it
appreciates it.  Going to crush this thing.  Feel it shatter in my
hand.  Hate this place.  Keep hearing Henry.  Keep telling him he’s
dead.  Won’t listen.


Date: (?)

Top of shaft.  Hall to forever.  Lights everywhere.  Going to kill the
heart.

Date: (?)

Hell is Heaven

Heaven is Hell

Life is Wonderful

Notes: Gordon Richards went missing during the recovery of SCP-184,
presumed KIA.  SCP-184 recovered by Team Zeta-9.  Journal recovered in
rubble left from destruction of SCP-184 affected temple.


