                                    SCP-5830                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Ahtohallan                                   
                                   ----------                                   

Item #: SCP-5830 

Level 4

Containment Class: Esoteric

Secondary Class: Thaumiel

Disruption Class: EKHI

Risk Class: Caution

SECRET

Special Containment Procedures: The 15 km by 15 km region containing the 
entrance SCP-5830 is to be staffed by no fewer than twenty armed guards at all 
times carrying 12 gauge shotguns, stationed across the area to monitor any and 
all attempted breaches, while also maintaining sufficient distance from the 
entrance to SCP-5830 to not allude to its location. Admittance to the 
surrounding Northeast Greenland National Park is to be restricted to this end. 

Access to SCP-5830 is to be restricted to personnel with security clearance 
level 4 or higher, and is to be mediated by no fewer than one armed guard and 
precisely two personnel cleared to navigate SCP-5830. Due to the temporal 
anomalies present in SCP-5830, exploration attempts are to be limited to three 
days in length. 

The nearby research station of Daneborg is to be monitored for any attempts to 
explore northward toward SCP-5830; such attempts should be initially deterred 
and terminated if necessary. To this end, an anonymous outpost is to be erected 
in or near Daneborg. During the summer, similar procedures are to be enacted to 
deny access the area surrounding SCP-5830 via Zackenberg station1. Any person(s) 
which successfully enter SCP-5830 must be tracked and either detained, 
terminated, or verified dead by local personnel. Wildlife is to be also kept 
from entering SCP-5830. 

Any objects or person(s) which attempt to exit SCP-5830 are to be immediately 
detained if not authorized, or terminated should they present immediate and 
effective hazard to site personnel or civilians. All objects found within 
SCP-5830 are to be recorded for Foundation review. 

Description: SCP-5830 is a large glacial cave located at 7█°██’ N, 
2█°██’ W along the eastern coast of Greenland. Its entrance is located 
beneath approximately 62 m of ice along a narrow inlet of the Arctic Ocean, 
being roughly semicircular with a diameter of 19 m. Meltwater from the glacier 
regularly runs through SCP-5830, though attempts to trace the water's flow via 
dissolved dyes and buoyant tracking devices have been unable to determine any 
point of exit. The entirety of SCP-5830 also seems immune to calving, and 
changes only minimally in size and relative integrity with seasonal periods of 
melting and freezing. 

When entered, SCP-5830 continues to resemble a glacial cave, with an upper 
dome-like wall composed entirely of ice containing fragments of dust and rock, 
and floor made of a brown-black mixture of gravel and silt. The temperature 
within SCP-5830 consistently measures -2°C, with little variation due to 
external temperature or depth within the cave. The initial cavern (called Depth 
0 for navigational purposes) of SCP-5830 extends downward beneath the glacier, 
arriving at a depth of 17 m before branching into two tunnels which diverge at 
an angle of 120° (each of which is Depth 1). 

Each branch strongly resembles the initial cavern in size and shape, making 
navigation of SCP-5830 rather challenging (see Document SCP-5830-A for 
navigation procedures). Proceeding down either of the two branches will lead to 
another branch point, which again splits into two tunnels of identical size and 
shape; each branch then leads to another two branches, which lead to another 
two, and so on. Exploration attempts have confirmed the existence of all Depth 9 
branches, with the furthest exploration of any single path arriving at a point 
at Depth 57; despite this nomenclature, however, branches of equal Depth may not 
be located at the same distance below sea level, with some paths actually rising 
above the initial cavern in altitude. The total area spanned by SCP-5830 is at 
least 24,000 sq. km., and the maximum recorded depth is ████ m below sea 
level. 

There exist at least seventeen paths within SCP-5830 which, amazingly, 
terminate; these termination points are designated SCP-5830-1, and appear as 
large, circular caverns measuring 10-20 m in diameter. No further tunnels or 
crevices extend from these caverns, and meltwater which would accumulate at 
these points appears to completely seep into the gravel and silt floor, unable 
to be traced. It also appears time does not pass within the confines of 
SCP-5830-1, at least not in the usual sense; instruments which rely on 
mechanical or natural means to determine the passing of time stand still, and 
attempts at radio communication to external sources fail. Personnel who enter 
SCP-5830-1, however, are able to keep time by counting aloud, tapping, or other 
similar means. 

Among the known instances of SCP-5830-1, seven are entirely empty and devoid of 
any further anomaly or artifact. The ten remaining termination points, however, 
contain instances of SCP-5830-2: replicas of other known SCP objects completely 
frozen in time and space. Each instance of SCP-5830-2 is visually 
indistinguishable from the anomaly which they emulate; composition, texture, 
radiation signatures, and even odor are furthermore identical. Attempts to 
interact with or stimulate response from instances of SCP-5830-2 yield no 
results, and specific experimentation for each instance is detail below. Each 
instance of SCP-5830-2 cannot be removed from the SCP-5830-1 cavern which 
contains it and indeed cannot be moved or relocated within the cavern by any 
means. 

SCP-5830-1-1
SCP-5830-1-2
SCP-5830-1-3
SCP-5830-1-4
SCP-5830-1-5
SCP-5830-1-6
SCP-5830-1-7
SCP-5830-1-8
SCP-5830-1-9
SCP-5830-1-10
SCP-5830-1-11
SCP-5830-1-12
SCP-5830-1-13
SCP-5830-1-14
SCP-5830-1-15
SCP-5830-1-16
SCP-5830-1-17
Navigation: LLL█████
Depth: 8
Contains: empty

Many personnel who have studied SCP-5830 suspect that more instances of 
SCP-5830-1 and SCP-5830-2 can be found within the caverns, and some have 
conjectured that all known and unknown anomalous objects possess an emulation 
within SCP-5830 (though current investigations provide little support for this 
hypothesis, and if it were true such objects would necessarily be located at 
extremely great Depths). 

At this time, the complete inertness of instances of SCP-5830-2 cannot be fully 
verified. Ongoing experiments have inferred amounts of anomalous activity prior 
to discovery to SCP-5830 in the majority of instances. 

Discovery: SCP-5830 was first discovered on ██/██/20██ by Dr. Hans 
Knudsen and Dr. Daniel Moorhouse, both climate scientists working from 
██████████ University (as visiting and associate professors, 
respectively) to measure ice sheet melting and calving in the far northeast of 
Greenland. Both Knudsen and Moorhouse joined an expedition with five additional 
researchers and a handful of crew from the village of Daneborg north to begin 
their research; nine days later, only Knudsen and four others returned. The 
bodies of two researchers were found near the entrance to SCP-5830 under 
collapsed ice. Moorhouse & a Tunumiit Inuit man were found dead in SCP-5830-1-3, 
with Moorhouse lain against the body of SCP-5830-2-1; Moorhouse's journal was 
recovered from the corpse, and a transcript of the relevant legible pages is 
contained in Transcript 5830-B. 


Addendum 0.1: Eight days after the discovery of SCP-5830, a woman suffering 
severe frostbite and malnutrition stormed the Daneborg airstrip during the 
boarding of a Danish military biplane. Dr. Knudsen, one of the passengers, was 
attacked by the woman, receiving minor lacerations to his left arm and shoulder 
before the woman was killed by Danish military personnel. The autopsy report of 
this woman can be found in Report 5830-E. 

Following this incident, Dr. Knudsen committed suicide in a Swedish jail while 
awaiting trial. 


Document 5830-A: Navigation Procedures

Approved on ██/██/20██ by Dr. Wainwright

On file at Site-███

Preparation

Direction sheets will be given to navigators by personnel following a request by 
a Foundation researcher to enter SCP-5830 with an allotted time to be spent in 
SCP-5830. Once given directions by the appropriate personnel, immediately note 
its length and sequence of turns. Commit the length to memory, and say it aloud 
often if you must. Before departing, prepare a pack containing: 

no less than three days worth of food, water, and cooking fuel

at least 60 m of coiled rope

a sleeping bag rated for at most 20°C

a tarp and four wooden stakes

no less than four emergency flares

two full rolls of reflective tape

a pocket knife or similar multitool

a progress log and a writing implement


Navigation

When navigating SCP-5830, always take care to note what directions you've taken 
and which one you have left to take. Personnel have died lost within SCP-5830 
far too often due to improper record-keeping, despite the best efforts of the 
Foundation to maintain a simple navigational infrastructure for its study. 

At each branch point, find the first letter of your direction sheet not struck- 
or blackened-out; call out this direction to those in your party (L for left or 
R for right) and proceed in that direction. All branch points should have two 
strips of tape along some wall to identify the direction of the exit. If you 
encounter an unmarked branch point, act in your own accord and mark the branch 
with your tape. 

Once you have entered the next branch, strike the letter from your direction 
sheet and prepare to repeat the procedure again. This amounts to progressing one 
Depth level into SCP-5830; the entrance is at Depth 0. No amount of mental 
tracking of distance or altitude can assist in orienting oneself; only the 
maintenance of the direction sheet and your Depth along it can guarantee 
survival. 

Following the completion of the necessary research (most often at a terminus), 
begin navigating using the tape markings at each branch point to exit SCP-5830; 
do NOT attempt to move between two different locations within SCP-5830 without 
first exiting and re-entering the cavern. 


Emergencies

If you have found yourself lost within SCP-5830, halt your exploration party and 
begin returning to the surface via the exit markings; do NOT attempt to 
determine and/or correct the point of error while within the cavern. If you have 
found yourself in a location without sufficient markings, do NOT attempt to 
navigate out by guesswork. Instead, drive a stake into the ground where you 
currently stand and tie a length of rope to it; walk in some direction while 
holding the rope until you either a) arrive at exit markings, at which point you 
may proceed to escape SCP-5830 or b) exhaust the rope. Backtrack along the rope 
and attempt a different path. 

If, even after exhausting all escape routes within your rope's allowance, you 
are still unable to exit SCP-5830, set up a small outpost to survive until 
location personnel are sent to find you and your party. In the event of injury 
or death, be sure to write as many details as possible about the event in your 
personal log. If you encounter any previously undocumented anomalous component 
of SCP-5830, including but not limited to an instance of SCP-5830-1 or 
SCP-5830-2, log its presence and location. Do not engage with any wildlife or 
other entities encountered in SCP-5830. 


Transcript 5830-B: Personal Journal of Dr. Daniel Moorhouse

Page 37
Page 38
Page 39
Page 40
Page 41
Jun 15, 20██

Knudsen's gone off north to check logs from the weather station. I planned to 
join him, of course, but I couldn't deny my inner spelunker a chance like this. 
This glacial cave is quite large and doesn't seem to have been impacted too bad 
from the recent heat wave. A real treat. 

We've agreed to meet back up at the cave entrance tomorrow morning. Erica and 
Kuupik have joined me as well, which is nice. Kuupik's always been quiet so 
maybe I'll get the chance to talk with him a bit more; he's lived in Tasiilaq 
his whole life and knows the land better than anyone. His English isn't great, 
though, but who can blame him? Guy's always got a stoic look to him too. And 
Erica, well, she's the polar opposite most of the time. Been quiet today, 
though. 

It's actually a bit warmer in here than I would've expected. Ice is a good 
insulator and all but the warmth is almost unnatural. Might be due to geothermic 
activity. I'll ask Knudsen if Zackenberg picked up on anything seismic. 

To be frank, I am a bit disappointed I couldn't convince him to join us. 
Apparently being ahead of schedule isn't enough to justify popping off into a 
cave for the day. To each his own. He insisted I enjoy the day. 

Jun 15, 20██

We've set up a small camp about a mile into the cave. We've run into three 
different forks in the tunnels along the way. Pretty strange, actually, since a 
lot of the cave walls look very similar. If you took photos of three different 
spots and told me two of them of were the same I'd probably believe it. I would 
have guessed some more variation in the caverns and such, but I can't say that 
these "ice tubes" aren't cool either. 


Interview Log 5830-C: Interview with Dr. Hans Knudsen

-Begin interview-

Dr. Wainwright: Dr. Knudsen.

Dr. Hans Knudsen: Yes.

Wainwright: How are you feeling?

Knudsen: Tired. Very tired.

Wainwright: Apologies, doctor. We'd like to tidy up this whole fiasco quickly, 
if you can understand. 

Knudsen: Yes, of course.

Wainwright: Let's start from the beginning, then. When did you arr…

Knudsen: May 29th. We came from Tromsø, with another crew that sopped off in 
Reykjavik. 

Wainwright: And who all were members of your crew?

Knudsen: It was Moorhouse's crew, really. He organized the expedition back in 
March. 

Wainwright: And who…

Knudsen: Five research assistants from ██████████ 
University; two of them my students, three of them Moorhouse's. We had an 
additional three crew members from Zackenburg station, and one local from 
Daneborg to serve as a navigator and translator. 

Wainwright: How do you know Dr. Moorhouse?

Knudsen: Professional colleague, though I've known him since graduate school. We 
both studied at ███████ College and went on to pursue academic 
positions in the States. He got a spot at ██████████, while 
I had to settle for a position in Sweden. We met up again when 
██████████ invited me as a visiting professor. Nice guy, 
though a bit…pretentious at times. 

Wainwright: You took up some students during this time. Who were they?

Knudsen: Erica Parsons and Alek Oltosky.

Wainwright: Do you know Moorhouse's students?

Knudsen: Yes, though not well. Kevin Zheng, David Carlisle, and Victoria… oh, 
I don't remember her last name. 

There is a pause Knudsen continues to try to remember the name.

Wainwright: That's fine. Can you talk about what happened after arriving at 
Daneborg? 

Knudsen: Yes. We made a small station just outside of Daneborg; the locals 
didn't really care for us but didn't mind us either. We told them what we were 
there to do through a man called Kuupik, and they lent us some supplies and a 
shotgun for polar bears. 

Wainright: What were you there to do?

Knudsen: The original goal was to set up some weather stations up north to track 
warming over the next six months and collect some ice samples. 

Wainwright: Your 'original' goal?

Knudsen: Well, we still succeeded in it, for the most part. Some of the stations 
got knocked out by a blizzard, but for the most part we did what we needed to 
do. 

Wainwright: So why do you say…

Knudsen: Moorhouse insisted on some additional studies. We saw signs of massive 
calving in the area, and lots of glacial caves and alcoves and such. Moorhouse 
is a geologist at heart and was adamant that we dedicate at least a bit of our 
extra time to them. 

Wainwright: Did you?

Knudsen: Yes, of course. Moorhouse led a few parties with Erica and David to 
examine some rock samples along the glacial cliffs. Erica's primary background 
is geology too, and I would guess David's as well. I kept the others for our 
usual operations. 

Wainwright: How did Moorhouse come to arrive at…that cave?

Knudsen: We both spotted it on one of our last days out of Daneborg. We stopped 
by it to look around, and saw that it was rather large. We all took a look 
around the entrance, and Moorhouse said he'd love to spend a day or two here if 
it could be allowed. Erica agreed. 

Wainwright: And I take it you obliged?

Knudsen: Yes. I asked Kuupik if he could join them in case they needed to 
navigate back to Daneborg on their own, and he agreed. The three of them set out 
and the rest of us went to secure the last weather station. We gave them from 
that morning until we returned the evening tomorrow. I think it was a bit of a 
non-professional adventure for them, too. 

Wainwright: Did you want to join them?

Knudsen: Yes, a part of me did…more parts of me are glad that I didn't.

Knudsen's speech begins to sound more forced and creaky.

Wainwright: What happened when you returned to the cave?

Knudsen: We waited. We hoped they were making their way out. David insisted on 
looking in a bit farther to find them, or maybe a trace of them. Victoria 
followed him in, and Alek and Kevin and the rest of the crew and myself elected 
to stay outside. I said David before he went searching to call out to us every 
few minutes, and we'd call a reply. If we weren't in earshot, turn around. 

Wainwright: Seems sensible.

Knudsen: It is if you obey it. They didn't. After half an hour, I called and 
received no reply. We tried six more times with no luck. None of us were about 
to do the same thing again and go in after David and Victoria, so we continued 
to wait. 

Wainwright: For how long?

Knudsen: Three hours, until a blizzard began to roll in. We couldn't keep 
waiting around, and we weren't about to hole up in a cave and worry the crew 
back in Daneborg. We elected to trek out, and work to form a search party later 
when the weather was in our favor. 

Wainwright: When did the search party set out?

Knudsen: The Sirius Patrol3 set out with their dog sleds two days ago. You and 
your crew showed up only five hours in. 

Wainwright: Lucky that we did at all.

Knudsen: I suppose.

There is a pause as Wainwright reviews his recent notes.

Wainwright: Dr. Knudsen if I be so frank I do believe your handling of the past 
three days is best described as 'careless'. We've only recovered corpses, after 
all. 

Knudsen: Are you a police officer, Dr. Wainwright?

Wainwright: No. I do, however, have permission from authorities from the Danish 
government and Naalakkersuisut4 to conduct all sufficient methods of 
investigations during my time here. Four scientists and an Inuit tracker don't 
just die only miles from their station, especially with radio tracking available 
the entire time. 

Knudsen: Not to be insolent doctor but our GPS capabilities were interrupted 
during the trip back to Daneborg. We probably hiked about five miles while off 
the grid. 

Wainwright: Records from Zackenberg show otherwise.

Knudsen is silent, appears nervous

Wainwright: Doctor?

Knudsen attempts to run from the room, is immediately apprehended in the 
hallway. 

-End of interview-


Transcript SCP-5830-D: Selected Radio Logs from Zackenberg Station

0301:03 Feb 13, 20██

*static*

Cannot see home. It is dark. I am…

I was told I must perform my function. I must.

I am…

Message.

*static*

1644:22 Jun 16, 20██

GPS received @ █████04240.955: 7█°██’ N, 2█°██’ W

GPS reply @ █████04240.0: 74º28’ N, 20º34’ W


GPS received @ █████04300.305: 7█°██’ N, 2█°██’ W

GPS reply @ █████04302.0: 74º28’ N, 20º34’ W

*static*


1723:14 Jun 16, 20██

*static*

Numbers. What are they? I do not know what they mean.

I know them. 7███ and 2███.

Message. I must…

This is not my Message.

*static*


1855:46 Jun 16, 20██

GPS received @ █████11500.003: 7█°██’ N, 2█°██’ W

GPS reply @ █████11502.0: 74º28’ N, 20º34’ W


0216:33 Oct 22, 20██

*static*

It is long. It is dark. I must…

Message.

Harbinger must tell…

*static*


Report 5830-E: Autopsy Report of Erica Parsons

Decedent: Erica Loretta Parsons

SSN: ███-██-████

Home Address: ████████████████████, TN

Age: ██ years

DOB: 5/██/19██

Sex: Female

Last Known Occupation: Student

Race: White

Hispanic?: No

Marital Status: Never Married

Medical Examiner Authority: Violent

Police Notified: Yes 

Investigator: ███████ █████████████████ 


Date	Time	Location	City/County	By Whom
Last Known Alive	6/24/20█	1205	Daneborg Airstrip	Daneborg	Danish Officers
Event/Injury/Acute Illness	6/24/20█	1206	Daneborg Airstrip	Daneborg	Danish 
Officers 
Found	6/24/20█	1206	Daneborg Airstrip	Daneborg	Danish Officers
Death/Pronounced	6/24/20█	1210	Daneborg Airstrip	Daneborg	Military Doctor
Examination of Body	6/28/20█	0900	603 17th Ave 
N.	████████	███████████, █████ 
Autopsy (Y/N)? Y
Authorized by: Chief Medical Examiner
Location: █████ ████████

Cause of Death: Gunshot to chest and lower abdomen

Manner of Death: Self-defense

Notes from Medical Examiner: Decedent showed signs of previous blunt force 
trauma to head and neck, with small lacerations around the base of the neck. 
Toes and finger tips severely frostbitten. Majority of upper teeth chipped away 
partially or entirely. Decedent has no previous history of mental illness or 
violence. 

Name of Chief Medical Examiner: █████ 
███████████ 

Name of Reviewing Medicolegal Death Investigator: ████████ 
███████ 



Footnotes

1. Zackenberg station is only occupied during the summer.

2.
+ Show image details

3. A branch of the Danish navy in charge of maintaining and enforcing Danish 
sovereignty in northern Greenland. 

4. The government of the constituent country of Greenland.


