                                    SCP-4884                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               To Serve Great Man                               
                               ------------------                               

Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.

You are viewing Document 4884-499-F: Memorandum from the O5 Council, regarding 
SCP-4884, dated July 25, 2022. 

We have each seen it, though we wish we could ignore it.

We are men and women, working to the utmost of our capacities, dying anonymous 
deaths for the benefit of those who can live as full citizens of the world. The 
greatest part of humanity exists, blissfully unaware of the million deaths they 
have narrowly avoided, thanks only to our diligence. We live in the shadows, so 
that others may live in the light. 

This is the lie that we tell ourselves - that by giving our all, we can give 
humanity the breathing room it requires to thrive. 

Every year, normalcy is beset by an ever-increasing multitude of anomalous 
assaults. Rather than slowing, the number of anomalies - some benign, some 
threatening, all inexplicable - has increased geometrically. 

Far from serving as the care-takers of reality, we increasingly find ourselves 
in the role of hospice workers, managing a slow but steady decline. Despite what 
we may wish to believe, there are limits to what human ingenuity can accomplish 
against such overwhelming odds. The catastrophes resulting from our inability to 
defend humanity speak for themselves. In recent years, we have attempted to stem 
the flow with the selective use of anomalous objects and phenomenon via Project 
Thaumiel. It has not been nearly enough. 

What we must do, then, is clear. We must be willing to live up to our creed and 
give our final measure of humanity to the survival of mankind. If we wish to 
defend humanity, we must transcend it. 

If we must become gods or demons in order to guide humankind through the dark, 
then so be it. 

Once, we found the ritual of SCP-4884 to be madness. We believed it to be the 
works of megalomaniacs disguised as prophets, and thought that if it were ever 
achieved, normalcy itself might be threatened. 

Now, we see clearly. SCP-4884 is nothing more nor less than a tool. In the 
proper circumstances, it allows individuals to achieve unimaginable powers, 
capable of both destruction and of preservation. It is a tool that is 
desperately needed. 

We may wish that there were a path for mankind's survival that would allow us 
our souls, but one is not forthcoming, and the time for philosophical 
squeamishness draws to a close. 

No one else will protect us. We must stand up for ourselves.

We secure. We contain. We protect.

- O5-12

Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.

You are viewing SCP-4884.


Item #: SCP-4884

Object Class: Thaumiel1

Special Containment Procedures: Societies undergoing significant
political and social instability are to be placed on Foundation
Watchlist 4884-R-56-sR. Foundation personnel are to monitor external
media and intelligence for individuals fitting the profile of
SCP-4884-B instances. Confirmed SCP-4884-B instances not authorized by
the Foundation are to be neutralized.

In the event that an unauthorized SCP-4884-B survives and continues to
perform SCP-4884-A for a period of longer than one year, Foundation
personnel are to take steps to diplomatically and economically isolate
the government of SCP-4884-B through the use of governmental contacts
to leverage sanctions and form coalitions. The Foundation will conduct
media blackout on stories relating to the person of SCP-4884-B,
instead focusing on destruction, ill governance, and starvation caused
by the governance of SCP-4884-B. If no such stories can be found,
Foundation personnel are to fabricate them and oversee their
dissemination through the media.

If an unauthorized SCP-4884-B appears ready to complete SCP-4884-A,
Mobile Task Force Rho-18 ("Deiciders") will undertake Standard
Protocol Pentheus. Actions which formerly would have been unacceptable
breaches of Foundation secrecy will be tolerated, so long as the
completion of SCP-4884-A is prevented.

The O5 Council, only with the concurrence of the Ethics Committee, is
to only approve one instance of SCP-4884-A at a time. The approved
SCP-4884-B instance (hereafter SCP-4884-B-1) is to be monitored for
behavioral or other psychological abnormalities on a twice-weekly
schedule.

SCP-4884-B-1 is to be accompanied at all times by no fewer than three
members of MTF Rho-18. In the event that SCP-4884-B-1 begins to take
actions deemed inimical to the mission of the Foundation or to human
life on Earth generally, members of MTF Rho-18 are authorized to
terminate the instance.

All D-Class personnel not deemed essential to ongoing projects are to
be terminated on the last day of each week. During the course of the
termination, personnel are to recite Hymn 4884-W-n-17.

In the event of a site containment breach deemed to have a sufficient
likelihood of fatalities, either to Foundation or non-Foundation
personnel, Hymn 4884-X-e-22 is to be played over available public
address advice.

Description: SCP-4884-A is a multi-year theurgic ritual that afflicts
states with underdeveloped and illiberal economies and political
institutions. When performed, SCP-4884-A allows the practitioner to
ascend to godhood2.

The primary component of SCP-4884-A is its mass nature, whereby the
performer (hereafter SCP-4884-B) must serve as a focus of political
energies for a significant proportion of the population, intentionally
leading the population into acts of increasing violence.
Cross-referencing instances with historical records, it is clear that
only one instance of SCP-4884-B may be active at a time.

By definition, SCP-4884-A is most commonly performed in societies
undergoing large-scale cultural and political instability. It is
unclear how instances of SCP-4884-B become aware of the existence of
SCP-4884-A, as no commonalities exist between the backgrounds of all
recorded SCP-4884-B instances.

During the performance of SCP-4884-A, SCP-4884-B will begin to
manifest abilities including, but not limited to, telekenesis, astral
projection, thaumaturgical prowess, and mass hypnosis. Non-anomalous
individuals treat these manifestations of power as uninteresting and
regular occurrences.

The majority of instances of SCP-4884-B have occupied a
middle-to-lower-middle position in society and do not play a
distinctive role in the initial instability that creates conditions
for SCP-4884-A.

In order for SCP-4884-A to be completed properly, the following
conditions must be met:

Extensive economic and sociopolitical displacement of a self-defined
political unit of no less than 500,000 people

A significant struggle on the part of the aforesaid political unit
against an external enemy or concept

SCP-4884-B perceived as the sole leader by a large portion of the
affected population

No procedural or legalistic means to remove SCP-4884-B from their
position

Intentionally inflicted death on > 10% of the population of an
affected area, either through war or internal policies

Conscious affectation of propaganda indicating a heightened or divine
status for SCP-4884-B

Conscious identification of SCP-4884-B with the nation or political
entity they lead

The mean period for the performance of SCP-4884-A is five years, with
the longest observed instance being twenty-eight years. As SCP-4884-A
nears completion, SCP-4884-B will grow increasingly isolated and
erratic, presumably reflecting their increasingly inhuman nature as
well as gradual mental deterioration. Invariably, instances of
SCP-4884-B will construct institutions of state terror and
surveillance to ensure that their orders are carried out.

Following the completion of SCP-4884-A, SCP-4884-B will presumably
ascend to divine status and shed their human form, resulting in bodily
death. To date, the Foundation has prevented every attempted
completion of SCP-4884-A. Autopsies performed on the bodies of
SCP-4884-B late in the process of performing SCP-4884-A instances
indicate significant trauma to the prefrontal cortex, temporal lobe,
and pineal gland, originating within and moving outward. The
significance of this trauma is not fully understood.

In the interest of preserving normalcy and the continued viability of
baseline reality, the O5 council unanimously adopted a resolution to
utilize SCP-4884-A. Despite multiple objections about potential risks,
the O5 council moved on 17/2/2022 authorize the selection of a
Foundation agent as a candidate for the status of SCP-4884-B
(hereafter SCP-4884-B-1).

On 18/7/2022, Alfred Percival "Mothman" DeLeon, a Foundation
administrator with level 4 clearance, was selected to be the first
authorized SCP-4884-B-1 instance. Factors in this selection included
Dr. DeLeon's unwavering loyalty to the Foundation, susceptibility to
authority, and lack of personal initiative. No Foundation personnel
were made aware of this decision outside of the O5 and essential
project staff.

Foundation psychological operatives have begun a campaign of
propaganda emphasizing the central role that SCP-4884-B-1 plays in all
decisions made by the Foundation.

On 22/7/2022, representatives of the Global Occult Coalition delivered
an ultimatum from the Council of One Hundred and Eight3 to either
discontinue the SCP-4884-B-1 program and terminate SCP-4884-B-1, or
risk an Eighth Occult War.

In a 6-5 vote with two abstentions, the O5 council chose to reject the
demand. To supplement the potential strength of SCP-4884-B-1, the
termination schedule of D-class personnel was revised from "as needed"
to weekly.



1. Previously Keter

2. Here defined as an entity or consciousness not tied to a physical
form, capable of performing manipulating and acting on a broad
category of objects or concepts not physically present.

3. See document 4884-e-T-97 for the full transcript


Open Addendum 14-w-9

Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.


You are viewing SCP-4884, Addendum 14-w-9.

From the archives of the Comité d'Enquête Scientifique (CES), Paris,
France, 1794.

Adapted in 1908 from an original statement given by Gabrille Joseph
Bonsaint, a Parisian lawyer and Jacobin club member present at the
event.

Date of Occurrence: 20 Prairial1, Year 2.

Description of Occurrence: During a speech by Maximilien Robespierre2
at the Jacobin Club, all sources of light in the building, as well as
within a roughly four-block radius, were extinguished. Despite this,
the audience, including Citizen Bonsaint, remained calm. Citizen
Robespierre continued to speak without hesitation.

After approximately one minute of darkness, C. Bonsaint noticed that
C. Robespierre was including words of an unknown language in his
speech. C. Bonsaint later explained that he understood the words
perfectly, but was unsure if he could represent them into French "even
with an entire book."

The emphasis of the speech shifted from civic virtue and the necessity
of the ongoing Terror, to myths "older than words, from a savage
time," as the audience began to call back in response to C.
Robespierre's rhetorical questions. An excerpt of C. Bonsaint's
dictation of the speech is included below:

Robespierre: Around dying fires and consuming meats spoiled with rot,
the ancient Greeks would speak of the myths of Cronus3. When they
spoke of the one who devoured those who would supplant him, a word
meaning a sort of task that is inimical to the doer's sense of self,
but is carried out with a grim satisfaction (sic). They recognized the
suffering that would be wrought by the gods, as each sought to satisfy
their own putrid lusts and appetites, dragging the world down in their
corrupted divinity. When the time came, did the Greeks drown their
diseased gods, holding them trashing beneath the waters, heedless of
the death throes of a great culture laid low?

Audience: Yes! Yes!

Robespierre: And next, they sought refuge with the god of the Christ,
who lived, so they tell, as a humble carpenter. But his church was
destroyed from within by those who inherited of Bacchus and Aphrodite,
those traitors to god who veiled their own perversity and corruption
in the language of the simple carpenter. What is to be done? Man must
be made virtuous, molded into righteous though he may kick against it
as a thrashing beast or infant. Are we to abandon our search for
divinity, and subsist it may be best summarized as the image of a
starving child desperately clawing for hidden roots in barren ground
(sic)?

Audience: banging on floor and chairs No!

Robespierre: Then will you follow me, until the end? To feed virtue,
pure and eternal, and to be fed in turn? Will you see me torn away, to
become it hurts to recall (sic)?

Audience: more banging, crying We will! We will!

At this time, C. Bonsaint reported that C. Robespierre emitted a
strong white light from his person and clothing, such that it was
unbearable to look at him. The light provided no illumination to
objects other than C. Robespierre.

After another five minutes of speaking, leading to increasing
agitation from the audience, the lights spontaneously reignited. C.
Robespierre stepped down from the speaker's platform and yielded the
remainder of his time. When C. Bonsaint approached members of the
audience afterwards, none could recall anything unusual about the
speech.

Location: Jacobin Club, Paris, France.

Follow-up Actions Taken: None at the time. Following the death of
Robespierre and the establishment of the Thermidorian government, all
public copies of the speech were located and destroyed. New copies,
excluding the unknown language, were then printed and redistributed
throughout French archives.


Footnotes:

1. June 8, 1794. Despite the formal abolition of the French Republican
calendar in 1806, the CES continued to use the dating system until its
1849 consolidation into the Bureau des Phénomènes Inhabituels.

2. Orator and lawyer active during the French Revolution. As a member
of the dictatorial Comité de Salut Public, Robespierre oversaw the
period of public executions known as the Reign of Terror, during which
time nearly 17,000 Frenchmen were formally executed, as well as an
unknown number killed in reprisals for previous uprisings and
rebellions. Ultimately arrested and executed during the Thermidorian
Reaction of July 27, 1794.

3. Titan and father of the gods of Greek mythology. Famous for
devouring his children to prevent his own downfall.



Open Addendum 89-o-15


Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.

You are viewing SCP-4884, Addendum 89-o-15.


Personal correspondence of Charles George Gordon, commander of the
常勝軍, or Ever Victorious Army1, Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, Qing Empire.
Exact date is unclear, but context suggests late June 1864. Recipient
unknown.


My dearest Teddy,

It is completed. The blasphemer, whose armies have inflicted such
calumnies upon the chinaman2 is dead. It seems fitting that a man who
lived a mockery of Christ should die as a mockery of Moses3.
Doubtless, there will be further massacres as those who had the
foolishness to follow him or the poor luck to reside in Nanjing are
slaughtered by the Chinese forces, but the vitality has left the
movement with Hong's death. One may feel it as one senses a storm
dissipating.

To think that I, in my early days in this accursed country, believed
him to be a man of God. A wayward one, certainly, in need of
correction, but one who was my brother in Christ nonetheless. "Beware
of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly
they are ravening wolves."

Although the news of the death of this madman ought to have brought me
great joy, I find myself yet troubled. Li4 has passed onto me rumors
from his multiplicity of spies and informers within Nanjing, from the
most splendid of Taiping palaces to the lowliest of muck-shovelers.
While all accounts contain some level of nonsense and bias, they
return, in aggregate, to a simple theme: it was not always like this.

In the early days of his preaching and even the rebellion itself,
Hong's teachings and governance were compassionate, Christ-like, even.
All speak of wondrous miracles performed by the man, although much of
what is said is unlikely, even if heard in a children's tale.

At a certain point, however, those under his command became more
willing to brutalize peasants and other innocents, seeking it out,
even to the detriment of their mission. At the same time, Hong's
proclamations became more and more savage as he retreated ever further
from view, withdrawing ever further from his people and even advisors.
Paranoia addled him, leading to purges and counter-purges of the
utmost cruelty. Within five years, his edicts, which had once flowed
with an unrestrained elegance were nothing but mechanical admonitions
to inflict the most brutal of torments upon the Taiping's enemies. His
speech, it is claimed, once clear became addled with words of a tongue
no one knew, but which all understood.

This is not a surprise, I suppose. Napoleon was a committed republican
until he had the chance to claim power for himself. Tiberius was a
dutiful and just subordinate until he was raised to emperorship and
lowered into depravity and cruelty. It is disheartening, yes, but by
no means unheard of.

But there is one detail that gives me pause. One of Li's informants in
the court, watched as Hong gather the roots and weeds that he claimed
were mana from God. At first, he spoke in the low, mechanical voice
that he had long used, telling of a world yet to come.

After several minutes, the informant reported that, for the first time
in years, the false prophet seemed alive and fully awake. Between rote
declarations about the mana he was procuring, Hong spoke with an
elegance and passion that seemed to have left him. As he gathered
great handfuls of the toxic plants, he seemed to have second thoughts.
Hong begged and pleaded, claiming that the mixture would destroy him
utterly, even as he heaped the plants into the cauldron, one by one.

Hong then spoke again in that low voice, warning no one to interfere
with his mana upon pain of death. He continued this way for several
minutes, alternating pleading with admonitions to keep away. The
guards and retainers were unsure of what to do.

He then drank the poison and fell into convulsions as the court looked
on. Several days later, he was dead.

It seems obvious to me that such mad behavior can be reasonably
attributed to a diseased mind. Nonetheless, I cannot help but feel
something I cannot quite define about the whole affair. I shall speak
with you about the matter when I return to England.

Your friend and companion,

Charlie



Footnotes:

1. A shock-combat army of the late Qing Empire, overseen by Western
military officers and trained with the latest tactics and weapons.
Instrumental in putting down several major revolts.

2. Presumably a reference to 洪秀全 or Hong Xiuquan, the leader of the
Taiping Rebellion and founder of the syncretic faith of "God Worship."
After a series of visions, Hong claimed to be the brother of Jesus
Christ and attempted to overthrow the Manchu-led Qing dynasty. Hong
declared his territories to be 太平天囯 or Taiping Heavenly Kingdom, and
instituted policies of gender equality, wealth redistribution, and
genocide of the Manchu population. After fourteen years of brutal
warfare, the Taiping were defeated, at a cost of 20-30 million deaths,
both civilian and military

3. While his capital of Nanjing was besieged by Qing forces, Hong
claimed to his followers that weeds and wild vegetables were manna
from God. Hong allegedly died from poisoning as a result.

4. Likely a reference to 李鸿章 or Li Hongzhang, late Qing general and
subordinate to Gordon.



Open Addendum 290-F-11



Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.

You are viewing SCP-4884, Addendum 290-F-11.


Copies of personal and business e-mails from the personal computer of
John Ellis Fredersen1, regarding the events leading up to the
Pollensbee Incident. Although not confirmed, Fredersen is believed to
have been an instance of SCP-4000-B2.


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmmoutree@prometheus.net

Sent: 8:47 AM, January 2nd, 1991

Subject: The End


James,

Happy New Year, and Happy New World. I imagine right now you're
sleeping off your second or third hangover. You've earned it. We've
earned it, together.

In your wildest dreams, would you have ever thought that you would
live to see all this? THe (sic) death of a world and the birth of a
new one? A real chance to explore the unknown, drag it out, make it
ours. Even in non-para things, you can see it. Connections,
communication, information, progress into the future. Just competition
and the pure market. Where we stop hiding from our shadows and take
mastery of our own destiny? This is what we are building, together.

Best,

John

P.S. Timofy also called - it sounds like the Sevastopol shipment is
going to be right on time.


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmmoutree@prometheus.net

Sent: 03:09 PM, September 19, 1992

Subject: Billions and billions


James,

The payment from the Merchants just cleared. That's 280 million. We
just cracked a billion. I want to highlight that it is Billion, with a
B, the way Sagan says it. Billion.

I'm trying very hard not to freak out. Think of what we can do with
this.

I've had a bottle of the most expensive champagne I could find sitting
in a fridge, just waiting for this. I'm going to pop down to the lab
and pick up that sabre we found, then we are going to drink this whole
bottle ourselves!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

-J


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmmoutree@prometheus.net

Sent: 12:19 PM, January 2nd, 1993

Subject: RE: Orpheus Project


I understand your concerns about this, I just don't share them.

Do you remember when we first started here? It was almost totally
defunct, and the only thing we could think of where we could get our
next batch of funding. Now that we have some breathing room, though, I
can see much, much further.

It's not about the money, not really. What we're doing is moving
everything forward, through innovation and exchange. If I'm being
honest, i tfeels (sic) like something even grander than that. Anyway,
there's a reason you're the technical guy and I'm the ideas guy. Don't
worry too much.

-J


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmmoutree@prometheus.net

Sent: 11:22 AM, May 1, 1993

Subject: RE: FWD: MacNamara Projections


What the fuck do you want from me? We move fast and sometimes things
break. They were aware of what they signed up for - and it's not like
their families are going to starve.

If we nail this, the investors will climb off our asses and we move
past designing toys for rich perverts and actually get back to what we
wanted to do all along and build a better world. The Foundation won't
touch us, the GOC won't touch us. We're on the cusp of something I
can't even define - it feels bigger than '91, even. It's more
important than the scientists, more than us, even. I can feel it - I
just hope that you can too.

- John


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmbourdeaux@prometheus.net

Sent: 5:14 AM, August 29, 1995

Subject: WIRED


I know that you can still read your email, even though you shouldn't
be able to. Don't worry - we'll catch you. In the mean time, here's
the cover story from Wired. You'll notice that you don't see any
mention of Bolivia3 or of accidents, or of any of the other whinging
problems you couldn't stop pointing to.

We used to dream about creating a revolution, but now I see that it's
something far, far greater. We are building a better world, where man
serves the market, not the other way around.

When the story of Prometheus is written, all of that is burnt away,
leaving only the shining success as a triumph of the market. It will
be as though they never existed. It will be as though you never
existed.

I can feel it hum and suffuse every bit of me. I sense it in the
crowds at our expo and when I speak on television. I will conquer it
and make it asdejaiek (sic).


Attachment: story.pdf


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: oconner@prometheus.net

Sent: 3:49 AM, February 10, 1996

Subject: RE: Structure


Donald,

I spoke with Michel4 about Botswana. The structural readjustment
they're going to demand can include a provision that will allow
Menoetius Finance5 almost free reign in the country. If this goes
through, there will almost no limit to what we will be able
edehaghanteatl (sic).

The market doesn't care about health programs or mosquito netting. It
cares about imports and it cares about exports and it cares about
aggregates. If they have to strip the countryside bare and sell it for
parts, then they should have considered it before they got into debt.
If malaria breaks out because they can't afford eradication programs,
then that is what the market demands. If it needs those deaths,
eanotihouki (sic).

Others tried to second-guess the market. Their bones now are scattered
in the desolate places. I am moving towards the perfection, aklansec
(sic). I speak its language and can move it as I please. The
impossible things that we do are done because the market allows it,
through me.

Don't speak to me again about "can't."

John


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: gardner@prometheus.net

Sent: 02:32 AM, June 19, 1997

Subject: Acquisition


Do you doubt me? Rama6 must be destroyed. The only rule is to follow
our own interest. We benefit by their destruction. If they grow, we
shrink. By hunting, we strengthen the world.

I wonder if sometimes only I can sense it. In the chants of the
brokers as a panic rises and crests. The words between words in World
Bank reports. The motions of value as they pirouette above you in an
abstracted place beyond meaning. It will reveal itself, olmanoec
(sic), but it requires more.

More consumption. More life. More of those who have their last full
measure taken.

It doesn't need pity or mawkish concerns about legality. Do it.
hinousouziaat


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: jmmoutree@prometheus.net

Sent: 35:97 AM, August 30, 1997

Subject: atlanoec (sic)


I hope it hurt. It must have, having your nerves and muscles pull
themselves apart. You thought you might escape in the Library. It took
power to find you. sanextopl (sic).

Now, I can feel power and know how to use it. I know how to build
olmeecal (sic). I wonder if you ever read newspapers from back on
Earth and read about stocks and currencies rising and then, all at
once, crashing back down. I fed the market, with billions of dollars
in value, opaxco (sic). There will be austerity and restructuring and
the market will feed a long time on corpses. Starvation and disease
work as well as bullets.

For my service, she has fed me. arkheedanan (sic). I draw nearer to
her, and I can feel my path growing narrower. But I am not afraid,
because I know that at the end lies something indescribable.


From: fredersen@prometheus.net

To: all@prometheus.net

Sent: 1:08AM, June 1, 1998

Subject: teolanec (sic)


I've done it. It moves through me as I move through it - all exchange,
all meaning. From the pyramid I have constructed, I can see huehuantec
(sic). It is time for us to move beyond simple tinkering. I have need
of you one last time. amarisa (sic).7


Footnotes:

1. Corporate Executive Officer of Prometheus Labs, Inc. 1990-1998.
Named one of Forbe's Richest Men in the World 1995-1998, and one of
Foreign Policy Magazine's Top 100 Thinkers 1996-1998. In the wake of
his 1998 disappearance, Prometheus Labs filed for bankruptcy and was
dissolved

2. See Addenda 599-r-82 and 617-wM-7

3. Meaning unclear - possibly a reference the January 1995 explosion
at Prometheus Labs' facility in Potosí

4. Presumably, Michel Camdessus, managing director of the
International Monetary Fund

5. Bank holding company owned and operated by Prometheus Labs, Inc.
The anomalous financial dealings of Menoetius led to the creation of
SCP-8781 and KTE-6135-Mamon, among others. Since the destruction of
Prometheus Labs, the company has been under the direct financial
control of Marshall, Carter, & Dark, Ltd.

6. Rama Technologies, Ltd., a Seattle startup firm dedicated to to the
development of paratechnology. CEO Jan Terwilliger was found dead in
his apartment on June 21, 1997, "torn apart," according to Seattle
Police Department records. Foundation personnel investigated but found
no significant leads. Rama declared bankruptcy in July 1996 and was
acquired by Prometheus Labs, Ltd.

7. On June 1, 1998, an shockwave emanated from the Prometheus Labs
facility in Pollensbee, NV, leveling the building. Spatial and
temporal distortions spread across the city, necessitating a
quarantine of the entire city in order to prevent a possible expansion
of reality distortion. Due to the unstable nature of the area,
Foundation personnel have not been able to conduct extensive
exploration. Because temporal distortion, Foundation personnel have
been able to interview multiple Prometheus Labs workers killed in the
shockwave (see Interview Logs 4000-w-Re-007 through -958 for more
information). To date, Foundation personnel have not been able to
locate John Ellis Fredersen.



You have one new email.

Priority: URGENT



Welcome to SCPNet, Director Forrester.

You are viewing New Email.

From: L.S.

To: forrester@foundation.org

Sent: 8:47 AM, August 11, 2022

Subject: God-Building


T -

I have always known you to be one of the Jailors, even though you have
attempted to dissemble on the matter. Nevertheless, I still consider
you an ally and a friend.

In the past, we could always count on your willingness to fight for
what you considered right, no matter the cost. I hope that is still
the case.

You cannot stop the madness of the Foundation, at least, not head-on.
An apotheosis may be troubled and delayed with the right inputs,
however. We will send further information when the time is right.

There will come a time, very soon, when you must decide whether your
cause is that of the Foundation, or that of humanity.

- L.S.

attachment


The Theophage

Other names: The Devourer; The Tiger Between Skies; The False Herald,
SCP-4884

Conspectus

A creature hungering for divine flesh. There is no limit to the power
which those who sacrifice themselves can achieve, so long as they
provide sacrifices to the creature. At first, the Theophage contents
itself with small offerings of broken laws or human lives. Gradually,
however, the creature demands more its prey, demanding its very nature
- from its principles to its former allies to its very sense of self.
The more the Theophage receives, the more it feeds its prey on
assurances of their right path. The Theophage raises its prey to
apotheosis, then the moment of ascension, the Theophage pounces,
devouring the new godling whole.

Illustration

The Theophage has no physical form, although those who think in only
three dimensions may find the comparison with an ant-lion larva to be
a useful one. Other metaphors include the angler fish, the lesser
ravelwood snipe, and the Venus fly trap - QD

Knowledge

Traits: The Theophage exists out of time and out of space. To say it
has a "home" or a "dwelling" is as absurd as claiming that a clock has
a favorite tea. That being said, the creature seems drawn towards
periods and places of great instability, particularly those in which
there is possibility for long-term change in the political and social
life of the environment. It is not known whether or not this
preference stems from instinct or a pre-cognitive ability to determine
the future.

The Devoured shall be described here only briefly1. As the Devoured
grows in temporal power, too does the scope of its action and choice
narrow. As it nears its apotheosis, it is little more than a
marionette, reacting instinctively towards outside stimuli.

Nature: The Theophage is capable of dormancy for decades, presumably
even centuries at a time2. Once, it was believed that its coming was
effected by the performance of an elaborate and vicious ritual known
only as the Slaughter of the Ratking's Children, but this is now
widely recognized as false. Instead, it is drawn by upheaval -
cultural, political, social, or economic - to its prey.

Once it has selected its space-time for hunting, the Theophage selects
its Devoured. The methodology whereby it selects the Devoured is
unclear - some speculate that it marks the most exceptional
individuals yet waiting to be raised to greatness, others believe that
marks its victims by their single-mindedness and drive. A less popular
but more coherent school of thought holds that the Theophage selects
its victims through the preference of zodiac symbolism.

Once the Devoured is marked, it and the Theophage enter into a
symbiotic relationship. The latter provides power, both over
individuals and the tides of fortune generally. The rivals and enemies
of the Devoured are sidelined, events work out in their favor, and
they come to be, both in perception and fact, the undisputed leaders
of their movements. The disruption that summoned the Theophage becomes
increasingly associated with the Devoured, until the Devoured becomes
the iconic personage of the disruption. Often, they will become the
foci of extranormal events, although we do not know if this is
intentional or not. In many cases, the Devoured becomes associated
with divine status.

The Devoured, in exchange for its power, begins to divest itself from
all that once made it human. The Theophage has no need of friends and
comrades - the Devoured will purge them from its life. So too are
personal idiosyncrasies, mercy, and principle all stripped away. The
Devoured becomes more isolated from its followers, to the point that,
near the end of its life, it will only communicate with a select
handful.

As the Devoured draws closer to the jaws of the Theophage, any agency
it once possessed will wither away into nothing. Its entire being
becomes enmeshed in its ascension. Where once it sacrificed bodies to
feed a principle, now it will do so only to sustain its power. Often,
the Devoured will begin to speak words of images, not known but
understood.

When the hour and minute call for the Devoured to ascend, that is when
the Theophage strikes. Its exact processes are difficult to explain to
a three-dimensional creature, but a useful3 image may be pouring ink
into a pitcher of water. The essence of the Theophage overtakes and
consumes that of the godling, reducing them to oblivion in an instant.

Due to the interference of the Theophage, the Devoured invariably
serves as the keystone for its revolution. With the death of the
Devoured, the revolution collapses, sometimes into reaction, sometimes
into anarchy, always destroying those it sought to aid.

The essence of the Theophage is inherently inimical to three
dimensional space4, and will begin to tear and bite at the physical
form of the Devoured from within. The physical form is destroyed, the
being of the Devoured is utterly obliterated, and the Theophage is
satiated for a time.

History & Associated Parties: It is questionable to speak of the
history of an entity such as the Theophage, as it moves as easily
through time as we through space. The first instance of confirmed
activity by the Theophage dates back to the Napoleonic Wars, although
Hand informants have speculated that Jean-Paul Marat or Enrico Dandolo
may well have been its first slaves.

To list the countless petty tyrants and warmongers who found
themselves in the grip of the Theophage would be as cataloging the
grains of sand on a beach, so we will refrain.

The creature does not appear to have any consistent behavior as
regards time, glutting itself for years, then remaining dormant,
creating a frenzy in a week in one case, then building slowly to a
crescendo over decades in another.

There are several foolhardy and erstwhile members of the Serpent's
Hand who have attempted to appropriate the power of the Theophage for
themselves. Of the destruction of these qusilings, read below in
"Approach."

Approach: To approach the Theophage is to court Oblivion itself. Those
who have attempted to destroy or otherwise attack it have found their
corporeal bodies rent by the many servants of the Devoured, and their
souls subjected to the full wrath of a gullet stuffed with divine
flesh.

There are those who have attempted to parlay with the creature, under
the mistaken impression that it is interested in exchange rather than
consumption5. Every attempt has concluded in tragedy.

Members of the Hand who encounter those unfortunate souls who become
the Devoured are encouraged by all to end the Devoured as soon as
possible. Although difficult and often fraught with danger due to the
power of the Devoured, it is best for all, not least the Devoured
themselves, whose souls may yet remain their own.

Doubt

We maintain with utmost certainty that the Devoured are not destroyed
utterly, but are merely reduced to a state of non-existance. As ghosts
are to mortals of the third dimension, so too are these shades of the
Devoured to the fifth. To capture and consume one of these spirits
without body or essence, and yet with being, would be a day of
wonder6.

- Claren of the White Hand

We know that the Theophage exists out of time. Still, we have assumed
that its feedings are entirely random - now a Mexican revolution, then
something minor like Sternberg's Mongolia, then again to the rise of
the Iron Guard. What if this is not the case - what if, from its point
of view, the Theophage is building its power, selecting one after the
other of increasingly catastrophic events as its meals?

What is it building to? What can we do? We can even be done?

- E.X.


Footnotes:

1. For more information on the Devoured, review the Serpent's Hand
entry on the Blinded Messiah, South-by-South-Western quadrant,
sub-basement 3, Shelf 289 Southeast Redtooth, row 541.

2. It exists outside of time, so to say it can wait decades means
nothing - Salt

3. And, it should be noted, incorrect in every meaningful way- Abd
al-Rahim

4. Thorrensen's Flatlands and Roundlands: A Guide To Extra-Dimensional
Concerns may be of use to the uninitiated. - FZ

5. Even those who are of the Hand have fallen prey to the Devourer -
most recently, our erstwhile associate Juhayman al-Otaybi became
transfixed and consumed by the creature, leading to the complete
destruction of all magical entities within the Hejaz. - MG

6. What the fuck is wrong with you? - F


