                                    SCP-5552                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               Our Stolen Theory                                
                               -----------------                                

NOTE: FILE UNDER REVIEW.

Investigation into the event is still underway. Information contained herein has 
not been confirmed. 

Event Summary: On 2020/04/14, the database at Site-72 reported a series of 
unauthorized file creations and modifications, specifically to documentation 
regarding SCP-5552. All past information on SCP-5552 has been lost, and possibly 
erased from the minds of personnel assigned to the project, as no individuals 
can confirm that the SCP-5552 slot had been previously assigned to an anomaly. 

The documentation itself has not demonstrated anomalous properties, however all 
have been tagged with an upload timestamp of 13:43:28, which is the same time as 
when Dr. Naman Gupta began a talk at the 6th International Conference on Physics 
titled "A Comprehensive Theory On Bi-Directional Temporal Travel". 

What follows are the documents that manifested as a result of this event.



SCP-5552

Item #: SCP-5552-EX

Special Containment Procedures: N/A

Description: SCP-5552-EX is the Wendel Conduit as described in "A Comprehensive 
Theory On Bi-Directional Temporal Travel", titled after the lead author on the 
paper: Jonathan Wendel. 

The Wendel Conduit operates in a similar manner to closed timelike curvatures 
conjectured by Gödel. However, instead of operating like a wormhole might, 
which relies on immense amounts of energy to open, Wendel Conduits are opened 
and sustained through the vibration of wenion particles1. Wenion particles 
vibrate in accordance to an atom's Wilt2. Investigation into connections between 
Wilt and phenomena observed by anomalies in containment is ongoing. 

According to Dr. Wendel, the process for generating sufficient Wilt to open a 
Wendel Conduit is significantly less resource-intensive than the theoretical 
method of opening a sizable wormhole. It is currently believed that Dr. Wendel 
is working in conjunction with the UN to create a practical time machine. 
Attempts to gain further information about this project have been hindered by 
GOC interference. 


Addendum SCP-5552-1: Below is a transcript from examinations of Dr. Wendel's 
paper to confirm its accuracy. Examination was lead by the CHRONUS Project 
leads, Dr. Cindy Helsman and Dr. Naman Gupta. 

<Begin Log>

Gupta: God this is hard to read.

Helsman: I mean, yeah it's bland but it's not like we—

Gupta: I mean emotionally, Cindy.

Helsman: Oh. Yeah I should've guessed.

Gupta: This is our research. Literally our research! I swear half of these 
figures are copied straight from our draft. 

Helsman: I mean, we know that a lot of people had been working in this field. It 
was a tight race. 

Gupta: It's fucking bullshit is what it is. Did you see the look on this guy's 
face? When he gave that talk? Smuggest piece of shit I've ever seen. 

Helsman: You told me that at the conference.

Gupta: And also, he named everything after himself! Fucking "Wendel Conduit", 
"wenion". 

Helsman: Wilt?

Gupta: I think that's his dog's name.

Helsman: Ah.

Gupta: A dog. A fucking dog has more physics phenomena named after it than I do.

Helsman: Well maybe something in here doesn't work out. Maybe the reviewers 
missed something. 

Gupta: It's my research! I've checked everything as well as I checked my own 
numbers. 

Helsman: Our research.

Gupta: Huh?

Helsman: It's not your research. It's ours.

Gupta: Oh. Right. Slip of the tongue. Sorry.

Helsman: It's alright.

Helsman and Gupta return to reading the paper in silence. All that can be heard 
is a faint ticking from Gupta's pocket-watch. Gupta finishes and looks at 
Helsman. 

Gupta: Well…

Helsman: Yeah, I'm not seeing anything here either. It's all right.

Gupta: Fuck.

Helsman: We'll discover something else. We're persistent like that.

Gupta leaves the meeting room, slamming the door behind him. Helsman sighs.

<End Log>

Following this meeting, the contents of Dr. Wendel's research was considered to 
be grounded well enough in our current understanding of physics to be considered 
explained rather than anomalous. Monitoring of the implementation of this 
research is to continue to ensure no additional anomalous phenomena are 
discovered in the process. 


Addendum SCP-5552-2: On 2020/05/02, Foundation satellites detected a large 
visual disturbance in Nunavut, Canada. An area of twenty acres of land had 
become entirely black, including all flora and fauna residing within that area. 
Foundation personnel were dispatched to the location. Below is a copy of their 
report: 

Stevenson and I arrived at the scene around midday. The strange coloration could 
be seen in some of the grass and the trees on the edges of the effected area, 
but ten feet in everything was completely black. Well, not that the material had 
turned black. It was more like the light wasn't even reflecting off the 
surfaces. 

The ground was sturdy to stand on but organic matter didn't fare as well. It 
maintained its stability until we touched it, but even with a slight brush 
entire trees crumbled. Or I guess they more melted. They just fell apart. 
Stevenson grabbed a few samples to test later. 

We reached the center of the affected area. There was an opening in the ground, 
no larger than a manhole. We didn't trust the ladder built into the hole's 
walls, so we tied up a rope and rappelled down. 

Everything in the hole was black too except for the walls. At first we thought 
they were made of stone but they were far too soft for that. The hallways of the 
facility were mostly empty, save for a few safety notices with GOC branding on 
them. We only found one unlocked door, labeled "Primary Construction Bay". We 
decided not to go inside because the entrance was blocked by humanoid figures 
that had turned black, like the trees outside. We didn't want to "break" them. 

Stevenson did manage to get some pictures of just inside the room. The place was 
packed, everyone crowded around some sort of capsule in the middle, which was 
the only thing in there that kept its color. We think the inside was occupied 
but we can't say for certain. 

After being confronted with this report, a GOC official confirmed that this was 
the result of their efforts to realize the practical uses of Dr. Wendel's 
research. In order to avoid similar incidents regarding temporal research, the 
GOC agreed to transfer all documents and computations Dr. Wendel performed to 
the Foundation. 


Addendum SCP-5552-3: Below is a transcript from the Project CHRONUS team during 
their meeting to decipher and understand the writings of Dr. Wendel: 

Helsman enters the room. Gupta is staring at a whiteboard.

Helsman: Hey Naman.

Gupta: Hey.

Helsman: I uhh, I know it must be hard to hear about what happened.

Gupta remains silent.

Helsman: I mean, I was as confident as you were that our work was correct. And 
while it's terrible what happened to Wendel and everyone, I'm at least grateful 
we didn't have to experience our failures first hand. 

Gupta: Dumbass.

Helsman: Huh?

Gupta: Wendel. He's a fucking dumbass.

Helsman: This isn't the time for—

Gupta: No no, like… like look here!

Gupta walks back to his desk and grabs one of Wendel's pages of computations.

Gupta: For the decay constant, you remember what we calculated that number out 
to? 

Helsman: Something like fourteen decimals. Why?

Gupta: Well, in the paper it looked like he'd just rounded it to three 
significant figures but he only used the rounded number in his actual math as 
well! 

Helsman: Well, I mean we only put the rounded numbers in the paper. Guess he 
didn't have our full data sets. 

Gupta: But you know what this means, right?

Helsman pauses. After a moment she smiles.

Helsman: It might still work.

Gupta: They haven't scrapped our budget right?

Helsman: Not yet.

Gupta: So… do you want to build a time machine?

Helsman: You really didn't have to ask.


Addendum SCP-5552-3: Utilizing the remains of their budget, Project CHRONUS 
constructed a Bi-Directional Temporal Traversal Device (BTTD) over the course of 
three months. However, upon completion of the BTTD, Dr. Gupta and Dr. Helsman 
utilized the device without consulting the Foundation Ethics Committee, the 
Catastrophic Phenomena Contingency Planning Group, or the Department of 
Causality Consistency. Below is footage from the security cameras at the time of 
the Project's use: 

Gupta enters the testing area for the BTTD at 2:00 AM. He goes to the control 
panel and begins powering up the machine until Helsman arrives at 2:08. 

Gupta: [checking his pocketwatch] You're late.

Helsman: And you haven't told me what you're doing.

Gupta: I'm… doing preliminary testing. And thought you should be here for the 
first trial of our project. 

Helsman: You're just going to use the time travel machine without telling 
anyone? 

Gupta: I'm telling you.

Helsman: Naman…

Gupta: You know no one would let me go back if I asked! And, well… I need 
someone to activate the machine after I get inside. 

Helsman: But why are you doing this? Official testing is starting in less than a 
week anyways! 

Gupta: Cindy. I'm stealing our theory back.

Helsman: Excuse me?

Gupta: Our theory. It still has Jonathan's name on it. I'm stealing it back. I 
know it's been bothering you too. You pause a little every time you say "Wendel 
Conduit". It keeps me up at night. He may have taken our work but now we have a 
machine that let's us fix mistakes like that! 

Helsman: You sound absurd.

Gupta: But you don't disagree.

Helsman: I… God this is so petty.

Gupta: It's not petty. We worked on this for what? Five years? Losing the 
product of five years of standing at the whiteboard, arguing over simulation 
results and gathering test data isn't petty. 

Helsman: You know as well as I do that you can't control how much you change.

Gupta: Yes, yes. There's actions in life which set off long chains of events 
that have effects no one could predict, yada yada yada. But for every one of 
those actions, how many others have almost no impact on tomorrow? If you arrived 
here three minutes earlier that wouldn't change the conversation we're having 
now. Only so many actions can mean something. And for all we know I could be 
avoiding catastrophes instead of starting new ones. 

Helsman: That doesn't sound very… scientifically sound.

Gupta: I've run some of the numbers. I'm almost certain that if I just help us 
come up with some of our interpretations of the data a little faster that I can 
recreate everything without any significant difference up through us publishing 
our research. 

Helsman sighs.

Helsman: How far back are you going?

Gupta: January. So eight months. Should give me enough time to speed our 
research along so we can publish in that particle physics conference in March. 
Before Jonathan is able to steal it. 

Helsman: … fine. Just promise me that we get co-first author.

Gupta: That was always the plan.

Helsman: Hop in.

Gupta: Thank you so much.

Gupta enters the BTTD Traveller Capsule while Helsman takes over at the control 
panel. After Gupta is strapped in, Helsman walks over to the Traveller Capsule. 

Helsman: [shouts] Good luck.

Gupta: [shouting through the capsule] I won't need it! I should have as many 
tries as I need. 

Helsman nods and walks back to the control panel.

Helsman: That's the least comforting thing he could've said.

Helsman activates the BTTD. Power is drawn from the entirety of the site, 
causing the surveillance cameras to shut down. 



Footnotes

1. Proposed as an extension to the Standard Model of Particle Physics.

2. Proposed to be a property of matter like electrical charge or mass



Document 1/6



SCP-5552

Item #: SCP-5552

LEVEL 3/5552

Containment Class: Explained

CLASSIFIED

Special Containment Procedures: N/A

Description: SCP-5552-EX is the Gupta-Helsman Gate as described in "A 
Comprehensive Theory On Bi-Directional Temporal Travel", titled after the lead 
authors on the paper, Naman Gupta and Cindy Helsman. This paper was presented on 
2020/03/14 at the International Conference on Particle Physics, after a board of 
Foundation personnel reviewed the paper and deemed the science sufficiently 
in-line with baseline assumptions to be considered non-anomalous. 

The Gupta-Helsman Gate operates in a similar manner to closed timelike 
curvatures conjectured by Gödel. However, instead of operating like a wormhole 
might, which relies on immense amounts of energy to open, Gupta-Helsman Gates 
are opened and sustained through the vibration of vibron particles1. Vibron 
particles vibrate in accordance to an atom's Wilt2. Investigation into 
connections between Wilt and phenomena observed by anomalies in containment is 
ongoing. 

According to Dr. Gupta and Dr. Helsman, the process for generating sufficient 
Wilt to open a Gupta-Helsman Gate is significantly less resource-intensive than 
the theoretical method of opening a sizable wormhole. The Foundation has 
allocated additional resources to Gupta's and Helsman's CHRONUS Project to build 
a device that demonstrates the principles within their paper. 


Addendum SCP-5552-1: Below is a partial transcript from the CHRONUS Project Lead 
meeting regarding the construction of a Bi-Directional Temporal Traversal Device 
(BTTD) as proposed in their paper: 

Gupta: I can't believe they actually let us publish.

Helsman: Honestly I'm more surprised they're letting us build it.

Gupta: Well, of course they want us to build it. It's the Foundation.

Helsman: Right, right…

Gupta: Something wrong?

Helsman: I guess I'm just nervous.

Gupta: Don't worry. Everyone is.

Helsman: Except you apparently.

Gupta: Oh I'm nervous. I'm just good at hiding it. Now, let's get to scheduling, 
shall we? 

Helsman: Right.

Gupta: I think we can get this thing done in about three months. That sound ok 
to you? 

Helsman: Yeah. That sounds fine.

Gupta: Alright, we'll be testing in three months and let's work backward from 
there. 


Addendum SCP-5552-2: Below is the time table for the construction of the BTTD:

Task

Task Lead

Deadline

Notes


BTTD Traveller Capsule Design

Gupta

2020/04/23

Completed on time. Should be able to activate the BTTD from inside the
capsule.


Wilt Generation Cell Design

Helsman

2020/05/09

Completed on 2020/05/14.


Temporal Stability Ensurance Computations

Helsman

2020/05/21

Completed on 2020/06/03.


BTTD Traveller Capsule Construction

Gupta

2020/05/23

Completed on time. Additional materials have been reserved for a
second capsule.


Wilt Generation Cell Construction

Helsman

2020/06/03

Completed on 2020/06/20.


Testing Proposal

Gupta

2020/06/14

Completed on time. Requested a total of three different trials both
with forward and backward temporal travel.


Safety Checks	Helsman	2020/06/22	N/A


Addendum SCP-5552-3: On 2020/07/02, Helsman was confronted about her inability 
to meet the deadlines of the project. Below is a transcript from the meeting: 

Gupta: Cindy, we need to talk. We're falling behind schedule.

Helsman: I know, I know.

Gupta: Like, I appreciate all the safety checks and recalculations you're doing 
but I need you to trust me. 

Helsman: But you know how dangerous this thing can be! If we're not right down 
to the fourteenth decimal this could cause a catastrophic amount of damage. 

Gupta: So you don't trust me?

Helsman: No, no… I trust you but— like I don't trust myself. I feel like I'm 
always a few steps behind you trying to play catch up. There's something about 
all of this that just clicks for you and it's not clicking for me. It's 
frustrating. This was supposed to be our project but it doesn't quite feel like 
mine anymore. 

Gupta: [sighs] Would you like me to tell you something that might make you feel 
better? 

Helsman: If you can, go ahead.

Gupta: I know this is going to work, because it already has.

Helsman: You… you've already used it, haven't you?

Gupta: I traveled back to January because if we didn't publish by March our 
research was going to be stolen. 

Helsman: January… but that's when we started getting experimental data.

Gupta: I just sped everything up is all. I knew what equations we were going to 
be able to extract so I could skip a few steps. 

Helsman: But… but that was supposed to be my job.

Gupta: I know but—

Helsman: You were good with concepts and theories and I was good with the 
equations and making the numbers mean something. That was how we were supposed 
to divide the work. But then you just stole my equations from me. 

Gupta: But you already solved them! You solved them last time all on your own. I 
was totally useless. 

Helsman: But I wasn't there last time. This time I didn't do shit!

Gupta: But it's all the same you.

Helsman: I don't feel like I contributed! I feel like I've been playing second 
fiddle! 

Gupta: I— I'm sorry. I told you my plan when I left and you said it was fine.

Helsman: I keep telling you that wasn't me! Whoever that was obviously wasn't 
thinking about how it'd feel to have her equations stolen. 

Gupta: I think she knew…

Helsman: Well then she was being a dumbass!

Gupta: I'm sorry. I… I didn't know.

Helsman takes deep breaths, and settles back into her chair.

Helsman: It's fine. Nothing can be done now. How long until we're finished with 
this damn project? 

Gupta: Umm, if we go at our predicted pace, only another month.

Helsman: Thank god.


Addendum SCP-5552-4: In the early morning of 2020/07/15, Site-72 experienced two 
major power outages. One at 3:34AM, and another at 3:56AM. Security camera 
footage prior to the 3:34 outage showed Dr. Helsman accessing the primary 
testing area for the BTTD, logging information into the main control panel, and 
entering the BTTD Traveller Capsule. Security personnel immediately ensured that 
the initial power outage did not result in a containment breach, and were unable 
to inspect the BTTD primary testing area before the second power outage 
occurred, which happened less than two minutes after power had been 
re-established to the site. 

Initial inspection of the BTTD primary testing area occurred at 4:23AM, where 
personnel discovered a black powdery substance scattered around and inside the 
BTTD Traveller Capsule. The door to the BTTD Traveller Capsule was closed, and 
readings from the BTTD Control Panel indicated recent use. Additionally, a 
letter found on the ground next to the control panel. Below is a transcript: 

I'm not sure if you will see this, since I'm not sure what happens after I 
activate the machine, but in case you do, know that I'm not mad. Well, not at 
you specifically. 

I know you were just trying to get our work back. I know how it must've felt to 
have your work stolen from you. I get it must have been frustrating and painful 
and you wanted to fix that. But I was robbed of the opportunity to have a 
breakthrough entirely. You took my a-ha moment from me. And I want it back. 

I'm going back. I'm making sure you don't help me with my part of the project 
and then I'm shoving a syringe full of amnestics up my arm so I can experience 
it. The feeling of discovery. That moment when I solve a problem no one else 
can. If I've done it before like you've said, I should just have to reset 
everything and I can do it again. 

I don't care if the research gets stolen. At least this time it really will be 
our theory. 

On the back of the letter is a series of calculations and numbers, appearing to 
be someone's scratch work. At the bottom a number is circled, and below it is 
written the following: 

Why do they always screw up the weight decay?

Dr. Gupta, who was seen in security footage sleeping in his office prior to the 
3:34 power outage, could not be located. 



Footnotes

1. Proposed as an extension to the Standard Model of Particle Physics.

2. Proposed to be a property of matter like electrical charge or mass



Document 2/6




Item #: SCP-5552 

Level 3

Containment Class: Euclid 

Disruption Class: DARK

Risk Class: Notice

CONFIDENTIAL

Special Containment Procedures: The CHRONUS Project is to continue its research 
into the existence of SCP-5552. 

Description: SCP-5552 is a theoretical method to travel backwards in time. The 
exact nature of SCP-5552 as well as whether or not it can be replicated in a 
controlled manner is still unknown. 

Discovery: Evidence for the existence of SCP-5552 occurred on 2018/07/04 when 
Reality Stability Beacons at Site-72 indicated a Retro-Causal Reality Shift. 
However, due to the lack of discontinuity in the cause-and-effect predictions 
from the beacons, it was determined that a large scale reality-altering event 
did not occur. The resulting conclusion was that temporal travel must have taken 
place. The CHRONUS Project research team was directed to determine the source or 
subject of this temporal travel, however their search was unsuccessful. 


Addendum SCP-5552-1: Below is a timeline of the CHRONUS Project's progress:

Date

Event


2017/11/14

The CHRONUS Project was initiated by Drs. Naman Gupta and Cindy
Helsman.


2018/01/22

Dr. Gupta proposes a string-theory inspired hypothesis for reverse
directional time travel.


2018/03/08

Dr. Gupta's theory was deemed highly unlikely after it did not fit any
of the models created by Dr. Helsman.


2018/03/19

Dr. Gupta proposes a theory for reverse directional time travel based
on quantum entanglement.


2018/05/20

Dr. Gupta's theory is contradicted by experimental evidence gathered
by Dr. Helsman.


2018/07/04

CHRONUS Project directed to locate the source of the alerted
Retro-Causal Reality Shift.


2018/08/04

Search for source of Retro-Causal Reality Shift disbanded.
Modification to current timeline deemed sufficiently insignificant to
ignore.


2018/10/14

Dr. Gupta promoted to Site Director, leaving the CHRONUS Project.


2019/01/22

Dr. Helsman proposes a theory for reverse directional time travel
based on classical relativity.


2019/05/03

Dr. Helsman's theory is abandoned due to the lack of consistent
relativistic behaviors at the quantum scale.


2019/07/22

Dr. Helsman proposes a theory for reverse directional time travel
based on quantum mechanics.


2019/10/02

Dr. Helsman's theory is abandoned for being too similar to Dr. Gupta's
quantum entanglement theory.


2020/01/11

Dr. Helsman proposes a theory based on the Standard Model of Particle
Physics.


2020/04/14

Dr. Helsman's theory is abandoned due to a lack of progress.


Addendum SCP-5552-2: Below is a transcript of the monthly status meeting between 
Dr. Helsman and Dr. Gupta held on 2020/04/16: 

Gupta: So… I see you abandoned another theory.

Helsman: Yeah.

Gupta: You know it's harder for me to keep justifying your funding if you're not 
getting anywhere. 

Helsman: I know Naman.

Gupta: So, um, why'd you abandon this one?

Helsman: I mean, really it's the same reason I abandoned all the other ones. Not 
enough progress and too much pointing against it. 

Gupta: I thought this one seemed promising.

Helsman: Really? You think that time travel being based on the rotation of 
gluons is promising? 

Gupta: I mean—

Helsman: I don't even know what I was thinking when I proposed it. It's fucking 
stupid. We already have gluons tied to the Strong Force. 

Gupta: I just think maybe this line of investigation is worth going down.

Helsman: Naman, I've been at this for more than two years and all I've hit are 
fucking dead ends. 

Gupta: But I know you can do it.

Helsman: That's what you've been telling me for the past year! And while they're 
nice words, they've been kind of useless. 

Gupta: Well, it's not my job to do the research.

Helsman: It used to be! We used to be a team. And then you left me for what? For 
management? Do you even enjoy that? 

Gupta: I am in this position because I want to be.

Helsman: And maybe that's because you don't even enjoy research anymore. And 
here you are telling me to chase geese! 

Gupta: Or maybe it's because I was better at research.

Helsman: You know what? You can fuck off. Take my funding. See if I give a shit.

Helsman gets up and leaves Gupta's office, slamming the door behind her. Gupta 
sighs and puts his head in his hands. 

Gupta: She'll thank me later. Or maybe not. But she'll be grateful nonetheless.


Addendum SCP-5552-3: During the night of 2020/04/16, security personnel at 
Site-72 reported a sudden, significant alteration to rooms 118, 119, and 121, 
which contained the Project CHRONUS Laboratory, cubicles for Project CHRONUS 
personnel, and the office of Dr. Helsman respectively. The walls, floors, 
ceiling, and all contents of these rooms had morphed into a black substance. 
Objects made of this substance maintained their shape until disturbed, at which 
point they would assume a more liquid-like state. 

Security personnel reported three casualties. Two of these casualties were 
Researcher Yufei Zhu and Janitor Ivan DeWalt, who were presumed to be engaged in 
conversation at the time of the event based on their poses at the time of 
discovery. The third was Dr. Cindy Helsman, who was most likely listening to a 
voicemail on her phone. Below is the transcript of the most recent voicemail 
received by Dr. Helsman prior to the event. 

Gupta: Hey Cindy. Umm… sorry about what I said earlier. I didn't mean most of 
it. Like, I didn't mean the part about me being the better researcher. Honestly, 
I left the project because I wanted it to be your discovery. It's just, it's 
frustrating for both of us to see you bang your head against this problem. But 
if you want, I can come back to the project. We can make this our theory again. 

Following the 2020/04/16 event, Dr. Gupta took over the CHRONUS Project. The 
CHRONUS Project was also moved from Site-72 to Site-53, after the entire Eastern 
Wing of Site-72 experienced a similar event to that described above (See CHRONUS 
Project Special Reports for details). 



Document 3/6



SCP-5552

PROJECT CHRONUS EYES ONLY

The following file describes an anomaly currently under investigation,
and is Level 4/5552 classified

Unauthorized access is forbidden.



Item #: SCP-5552

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: The CHRONUS Project is to continue research to 
confirm the details of SCP-5552. While it is possible that SCP-5552 related 
phenomena can be explained given our current understanding of science, they have 
been deemed anomalous until further progress has been made. 

Description: SCP-5552 refers to a theoretical method of travel between parallel 
universes with similar cause-and-effect chains. Details regarding the exact 
nature of SCP-5552, as well as the parallel universes it can access, are under 
investigation by the CHRONUS Project, lead by Dr. Naman Gupta and Dr. Cindy 
Helsman. 

Addendum SCP-5552-1: Below is the transcript of the meeting on 2018/07/04 
between Dr. Helsman and Dr. Gupta, first proposing the existence of SCP-5552. 

Dr. Gupta paces back and forth in front of his desk. Dr. Helsman enters Dr. 
Gupta's office, at which point Dr. Gupta checks his pocketwatch. 

Gupta: You're late.

Helsman: Only by a minute.

Gupta: You're still late.

Helsman: Naman, are you ok? You seem a little more restless than normal.

Gupta takes three deep breaths, and then sits down at his desk.

Gupta: Sorry. I'm just anxious.

Helsman: Anxious about what? Paper deadline?

Gupta: No, no…

Helsman: Then what is it?

Gupta: Ok. Cindy, I am about to say something that sounds incredibly stupid. But 
I am going to need you to believe me, alright? 

Helsman: Ok…

Gupta: I might be from the future.

Helsman remains silent, before beginning to say something. However, she stops 
herself. 

Gupta: Yeah…

Helsman: … but what does that mean?

Gupta: So, I think it's like this. I know for certain that I came from somewhere 
that on April 16th, 2020, you die and I take over the CHRONUS Project. 

Helsman: Wait wait. You're saying I die in two years?

Gupta: Well, that's assuming I'm from the future. Because there's another 
option: I'm from a parallel universe. And I didn't travel in time at all. 

Helsman: Well, I mean if you're from a parallel universe then wouldn't that mean 
you've still travelled back in time? 

Gupta: No no. In this scenario I actually can't travel backwards in time. It'd 
be impossible. It'd just be an illusion since each of the universes are 
temporally offset. 

Helsman: I— I don't follow.

Gupta: No it's like… Like time zones. Here it's three but in California it's 
noon. Here it's April 4th but in another parallel universe it's March 6th. You 
can't travel backwards in time, but you can travel to a parallel universe that 
started a month later than this one, and that's almost the same thing. 

Helsman: Ok. And why do you think this is what you've been doing instead of time 
travel? 

Gupta: Well, um… not all parallel universes are created equal. In fact a lot 
of them are probably unstable. So at certain points in time, arbitrary groups of 
particles will just, like they'll lose stability. Err, but not entirely. Like 
they go black, and they crumble and it's… it's like the very fabric of reality 
just wilts away. 

Helsman: You know you sound crazy right?

Gupta: Yes but haven't I always sounded insane? Most of what I say sounds 
absurd, yet you still run the numbers for me. Because we both know I might be 
right. 

Helsman: … do you want me to start making models?

Gupta: That would be fantastic.


Addendum SCP-5552-2: Two weeks following this proposal, Site-72 personnel 
reported concerns about Dr. Gupta's mental well-being. Dr. Gupta was only seen 
leaving his office to go to the bathroom, and to get food from the cafeteria 
which he would then eat in his office. Dr. Green, occupying a neighboring 
office, reported hearing Dr. Gupta shout the phrase "It doesn't make sense", and 
other variants with similar meaning. Dr. Helsman was requested to speak with Dr. 
Gupta, as he has refused meetings with other personnel. 

Gupta is looking at the whiteboard in his office. It is filled with a flow 
chart. Helsman knocks on the door to Gupta's office. 

Gupta: [shouts] I'm busy.

Helsman: Even for me?

Gupta opens the door slightly. After seeing Helsman, he opens it the rest of the 
way. Helsman enters. 

Gupta: Sorry. I'm just stressed still.

Helsman: You seem a little more than stressed. People are worried about you.

Gupta: I know, I know. I'm fine.

Helsman: You know, you used to get lunch with everyone else. Might be good to 
get your mind off of work. 

Gupta: I can't.

Helsman: Because…

Gupta: It's just… there's so much I still can't explain. Like how I've only 
travelled to similar parallel universes. Why haven't I blasted myself off to a 
world where Earth doesn't even exist! 

Helsman: Well, I have some news. Not sure if it'll help or not…

Gupta: I'm listening either way.

Helsman: I haven't been able to get your parallel universe theory to work.

Gupta: Oh.

Helsman: Yeah. Mostly the stability part. What you're describing just doesn't 
fit with… anything really. 

Gupta: I see.

Helsman: I mean, we'll come up with another theory. It sounds like we've been 
able to explain everything so far. 

Gupta: Yeah. Yeah you're right.

Helsman: Take a few days off. You said I die in two years right? We still have 
time. 

Gupta: Yeah… I'll do that.

Dr. Gupta was approved for a vacation between 2018/07/19 and 2018/07/26.


Addendum SCP-5552-3: On 2018/07/24, Site-72 experienced a mass alteration to its 
molecular structure, as well as the molecular structure of all personnel and 
materials within. This alteration resulted in all affected materials taking on a 
charcoal-like structure that collapses into a liquid state when disturbed. 

Dr. Gupta ended his vacation early, taking over the CHRONUS Project and moving 
it to Site-53. 



Document 4/6



SCP-5552

Item #: SCP-5552

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Research is to continue into the stabilization 
of SCP-5552 affected particles. 

Description: SCP-5552 refers to the Order of a particle. Order is a measurement 
of how well the position, velocity and rotation of a particle can be predicted 
given the state of the universe at the time of the Big Bang. Since the state of 
any individual particle is influenced by its collisions with nearby particles, 
the introduction of low Order particles will result in the lowering of the Order 
of the entire system. 

Macro-structures with Order below a certain threshhold will lose temporal 
stability. This lack of stability immediately result in a breaking and 
rearrangement of bonds between the particles to keep them anchored in their 
current position and trajectory along the temporal axis. This manifests in the 
creation of a black-powdery substance that occupies the same space as the 
structure at the time of stability loss, but will collapse into a liquid-like 
state upon disturbance. This transformation is termed "wilting". 

2018/04/16 Update: I was going to pitch this to Cindy today, but apparently her 
whole neighborhood wilted last night. 46 houses, 166 casualties. The Foundation 
is trying to play it off as a fire. 

I guess this means I'm in charge of the CHRONUS Project again. Although I don't 
want to rush it. Not this time. I keep just diving back into the past but not 
this time. This time I'm waiting until I know my theory works. But I think I can 
figure something out. There's something about this one that just feels… right. 

2018/05/03 Update: I'm finally ready to start making the models. I tried running 
my theory by Dr. Green. He couldn't find anything immediately wrong, but then 
again he specializes in generalized reality-disturbances, so this isn't exactly 
his field. In fact, I don't think there's anyone here who specialized in this 
field. Well, Cindy used to. 

Either way, I'm ready to start putting together the models. If there's somewhere 
that my theories fall apart, it's here. 

2018/06/18 Update: The northern wing of Site-72 wilted today. Luckily none of my 
equipment was stored there, but they're moving everyone to Site-53 anyways. They 
gave me the same office as last time too. 

I'm going to start building the BTTD now. I don't want to be screwed when this 
place also wilts. 

2018/07/23 Update: I haven't made any progress. Fucking nothing. This modeling 
software Cindy used is so damn confusing. Every time I get past one error 
message it throws another at me. Or I learn that I had the equations wrong. 

2018/09/02 Update: I'd been thinking about this for a while and… I don't know 
why I haven't wilted yet. In fact I don't know how I don't wilt the moment I 
activate the time machine. Everything around me seems to collapse but I'm fine. 
Why am I fine? I shouldn't be fine. 

Maybe the models will give me some insight. I got Dr. Green to help me make the 
model run. Now all I have to do is play with the parameters until I get a lock 
on what makes this theory tick. 

2018/09/26 Update: I don't know how Cindy ever did this. There's so many 
constants. So many variables to tune. I've looked back at her notes and they 
make no sense. She eliminates so many possibilities so quickly. Like there's 
some sort of an art to this that I can never grasp or understand. She was so 
good at this. 

2018/10/08 Update: I think I know why I'm stable… there's only been one 
variable changing between each iteration. It's me. Which would imply that I 
should be the one wilting. I should be the one crumbling, destablilizing, 
collapsing into a puddle of particles. But, what if my order from previous jumps 
carries over? What if I'm being held together by the order from my original 
timeline? 

But then if everything in any given timeline should have stable order, and I 
have stable order then… the wilting must be coming from me. I'm destabilizing 
the timeline here. Which is dumb now that I write it out. Of course it was all 
me. Of course this is all my fault. Of course I'm the reason Cindy turns into a 
pile of fucking ashes every time I try to fix everything. 

2018/12/01 Update: Screw it. I can't get the models to work. They finished the 
BTTD yesterday so I'm going back in time and getting Cindy to do it. Then we'll 
be able to fix everything. I just need her help. 



Document 5/6



SCP-5552

Item #: SCP-5552

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Oh fuck it.

I was wrong.

Everything had wilted by the time I arrived.

I drove to Site-72. The whole southern side of the building had already crumbled 
into black-tarry mess. There were a few guards out front to keep civilians out, 
but other than them the whole site was empty. They let me back in to "get my 
stuff". 

Apparently, this time the CHRONUS Project made faster progress than last time. 
The time machine was mostly done. As a bonus, we reconstructed the walls out of 
that soft material we found at the GOC… I think 6 timelines ago now? 

There's still food in the cafeteria. I think I'm going to hole up here for a 
while. The place still has power, probably because the Foundation doesn't want 
to take any risks and let something escape from here that they might've 
forgotten to take with them. 

I can't stop working. I need to fix my theory, and then I'll fix everything 
else. 

Progress is going even slower now. I don't think I can ever get these models to 
work for me the same way Cindy did. 

I read through some of the reports of wilting in other parts of the world. A 
long stretch of land in France, two towns in Thailand, and the entirety of K2 
are gone. I'm afraid that the next time I look out the window, instead of seeing 
the forest behind Site-72 I'll see scorched ground and crumbling trees. 

The soft walls here seem fitting. I think something about the material is 
resistant to wilting, but really it just contributes to the insane asylum feel. 
All I'm missing is a straight jacket. 

My "Order" theory is finally dead. And no, not because I got the models to work. 
My pocket watch wilted. I'd had that since I was sixteen when my grandfather 
gave it to me. And now it's just black dust. 

I'm back at square one. No theory. No models. Not even someone to bounce ideas 
off of. I've taken to talking to myself to get my ideas out of my head but that 
only works so well. 

It's funny, because all of the clocks in this place stopped working weeks ago. 
The only reliable time-telling device I have left is my computer. And honestly, 
I'm beginning to suspect its timezone is drifting. 

I googled "Jonathan Wendel" on a whim. Most of what I read just made me mad. Got 
his PhD from Stanford in Theoretical Physics. Has tenure at CalTech, leading a 
joint project with Oxford on time-travel. A lot of papers published. A lot of 
talks given. 

But then I started reading about his personal life. Turns out, he never owned a 
dog. 

So then how did he come up with the name "Wilt"? I got the name originally from 
him. But where did he get it from? 

I mean, I have a theory. All I'm good for is theories. But, I've been using 
"wilting" to describe the destabilization process. It's just such an accurate 
description for the phenomenon. "Wilt". Everything turns black and then 
collapses. Like a flower in winter. Wilting away. 

I remember, Cindy wanted to go back in time and do everything over again. She 
wanted to kick me off the project, wipe her memories, and solve the problem 
herself. It was a clever idea. Set up everything to be just the way you would've 
wanted it, and then forget what happens next so you can experience it for 
yourself anew. 

What if I've seen all of this before?

What if Cindy saw all this before?

What if the only way to stop it, was to stop us from inventing time travel in 
the first place? 

We'd go back, give Wendel our research, but not the proper numbers. He'd publish 
first, and then perish first when he makes the machine. We'd think our theory 
was wrong. We'd stop. 

God, we're too clever for ourselves. Except I can't prove it. I can't prove jack 
shit. Maybe he doesn't have a dog in this timeline but he had a dog in that one. 
Or maybe he just came up with the name on his own in a happy little coincidence. 
It's just a theory. Just another useless theory. 

I miss Cindy.

I hate this. I have nothing. I feel close to an idea it slips out of my fingers 
and I lose my train of thought entirely. I've been here for far too long. I'm 
banging my head against the walls, and I don't even feel anything because 
they're soft. There has to be a reason. I've been able to travel back in time 
reliably and yet I can't explain why. It's pathetic. 

I'm not used to doing this on my own. It's not like I was ever able to solve 
these problems on my own. It was our theory after all. It took two of us to 
solve. 

Maybe that's what's going on. Maybe the theory is mocking me for trying to solve 
it myself. Running me through a maze with no exit. 

It was kind of silly for us to think we'd be able to travel back in time in the 
first place, wasn't it? That we would be able to make it work even though no one 
else has. Maybe things would be better without our theory. 

You know, that doesn't sound so bad. I have little else to lose.



Document 6/6

Open current SCP-5552 documentation


SCP-5552

Item #: SCP-5552

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-5552 instances are to remain Level 4 
Classified. 

Description: SCP-5552 refers to a series of 6 documents that appeared within the 
Site-72 database on 2020/04/14. All documents appear to be related to SCP-5552, 
a previously unassigned SCP slot. 

The documentation itself has not demonstrated anomalous properties, however all 
have been tagged with an upload timestamp of 13:43:28, which has been estimated 
to be the same time as when Dr. Naman Gupta began a talk at the 6th 
International Conference on Physics titled "A Comprehensive Theory On 
Bi-Directional Temporal Travel". 

Investigation has been launched into possible anomalous phenomenon connected 
with SCP-5552, however no conclusive evidence could be found to corroborate 
details within these documents. To avoid possible time-continuity errors, 
parties mentioned within SCP-5552 were not informed, nor directly questioned 
about the contents of SCP-5552. The main anomalous property of these documents 
is their unexplained appearance within the Site-72 database. 


Addendum SCP-5552-1: On 2020/05/02, Foundation satellites detected a large 
visual disturbance in Nunavut, Canada. An area of twenty acres of land had 
become entirely black, including all flora and fauna residing within that area. 
GOC Resources informed The Foundation that this was the result of a catastrophic 
failure during an attempt to realize Dr. Naman Gupta's Research. As a result of 
this development, Dr. Alan Green was directed to re-open investigation into 
SCP-5552. Below is Dr. Green's interview with Dr. Cindy Helsman that took place 
on 2020/05/06, under the guise of an post-mortem for her CHRONUS Project: 

Green: Hello Cindy.

Helsman: Hey Alan…

Green: I know it's been rough, losing the project and all. Let's just get 
through this wrap-up interview quickly. 

Helsman: Seems a little late. They reassigned me two weeks ago.

Green: It is, but you know how the bureaucracy here goes.

Helsman: Whatever. There isn't much to wrap up anyways. Go ahead.

Green: Does the term "Wilt" sound familiar to you?

Helsman: Not really.

Green: What about a "Wendel Conduit"?

Helsman: Haven't heard of that either. Am I supposed to?

Green: You're doing fine. Don't worry about it. Now, do you know a Dr. Naman 
Gupta? 

Helsman: Yes. He's the lead author on the GOC paper about time travel.

Green: Have you actually met Dr. Gupta?

Helsman: Um, no. Honestly, I still haven't even seen his talk.

Green: That's understandable.

Helsman sniffles.

Helsman: He uh, he died recently right?

Green: Yes he did. There was an accident when he was testing his time machine.

Helsman: Huh.

Helsman sniffles again, and wipes her eyes.

Green: Is everything ok Cindy?

Helsman: I don't get it.

Green: You don't get what?

Helsman wipes her eyes again.

Helsman: I'm crying Alan. Why am I crying?

Green walks to the other side of his desk and puts an arm around Helsman.

Green: I have a theory, but I don't think it's important. Not everything needs 
an explanation. 

