                                    SCP-3072                                    
                                    ========                                    

                    They're Trading Away Our Lives Out There                    
                    ----------------------------------------                    

Item #: SCP-3072 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3072 is to be stored in a category-SSPT1 
researcher-accessible office in Foundation Administrative Complex-55. The office 
is to be furnished with a desk, chair, photocopier, connected Foundation 
database terminal, and a lockbox. 

The office is to be limited to Level 4+3072 persons, any Level 5 persons, or any 
persons carrying temporary Level 6-Delegate status. 

Level 4+3072 persons are to: 

Keep SCP-3072, its containment area, and the Foundation database terminal inside 
its containment area in proper working order with standard tools and materials, 
to be made available onsite. 

Photocopy and transcribe all SCP-3072 messages and place them in a secure 
location on the Foundation intranet, in a directory only readable by Level 6 
personnel. 

Archive the printed SCP-3072 messages in the on-site lockbox provided for this 
purpose. 

SCP-3072 is to be accessible to all Foundation personnel in the event the 
organization-wide Emergency Threat Level is set to 9 or 10, and will remain 
accessible for the duration of the emergency. Available personnel in or nearby 
Foundation Administrative Complex-55 should attempt to reach the office in which 
it is contained during such an emergency, following instructions detailed in the 
Extraordinary Special Containment Procedures, located at ESCP-3072. 

Description: SCP-3072 is an Edison Gold & Stock Telegraph Co. ticker tape 
machine. When properly powered and stocked with tape, it will print newly 
generated alphanumeric messages of varying content, even if disconnected from a 
telegram wire and blocked off from electromagnetic signals of any kind. The 
Foundation has not yet discovered a method to influence which messages SCP-3072 
produces. 

SCP-3072's messages seemingly originate from an irate business shareholder and 
are invariably advice or direct orders on what the operators of their invested 
business should do to increase the value of shareholder investment. 

SCP-3072, if provided enough ticker tape, outputs an average of 441 printed 
messages in a day, though the frequency of messages is highest on weekdays, 
between 9 AM and 5 PM in the local time of wherever SCP-3072 is currently 
located. Testing of SCP-3072 outside the jurisdictions of current legal time 
zones has not been initiated due to ███ █████ ██████ 
██ ████████ ██████ 
██████████. 

Examples of SCP-3072 messages: 

Non-redacted examples of SCP-3072 messages and a more detailed description are 
available to qualified personnel. In the event of the emergency level specified 
in the Special Containment Procedures, all personnel may access this information 
in the Extraordinary Special Containment Procedures at ESCP-3072. 



Footnotes 

1. Safe, Stationary, Placid, Telecom-Allowed 



ESCP-3072

Item #: ESCP-3072

Object Class: Safe Keter

Extraordinary Special Containment Procedures: ESCP-3072 is stored in a
Foundation personnel-accessible office in Foundation Administrative
Complex-55. The office also contains a desk, chair, photocopier,
connected Foundation database terminal, and a lockbox.

The office is to be limited to Level 4+3072 persons, any Level 5
persons, or any persons carrying temporary Level 6-Delegate status.

ESCP-3072 is currently available to all Foundation personnel, as the
organization-wide Emergency Threat Level is set to 9 or 10, and will
remain accessible for the duration of the emergency. Available
personnel in or nearby Foundation Administrative Complex-55 should
attempt to reach the office in which it is contained during this
emergency. Said personnel should immediately transcribe any printed
messages from ESCP-3072 into the on-site terminal, which is currently
displaying a direct link to the O5 Council's Global Emergency
Management Control Center.

Description: ESCP-3072 is an Edison Gold & Stock Telegraph Co. ticker
tape machine. When properly powered and stocked with tape, it will
print newly generated alphanumeric messages of varying content, even
if disconnected from a telegram wire and blocked off from
electromagnetic signals of any kind. The Foundation has not yet
discovered a method to influence which messages ESCP-3072 produces.

SCP-3072's messages seemingly originate from an irate business
shareholder and are invariably advice or direct orders on what the
operators of their invested business should do to increase the value
of shareholder investment.

ESCP-3072's messages originate from "Envelope Logistics®," a company
purportedly part of an ownership group investing in various aspects of
our reality. Envelope Logistics was first known to the Foundation by
their "purchase" of Foundation database slot SCP-2557. ESCP-3072
messages have shown advanced and comprehensive foreknowledge of
complex events pertaining to the integrity of reality, human
civilization and, especially, financial markets.

SCP-3072, if provided enough ticker tape, outputs an average of 441
printed messages in a day, though the frequency of messages is highest
on weekdays, between 9 AM and 5 PM in the local time of wherever
SCP-3072 is currently located. Testing of SCP-3072 outside the
jurisdictions of current legal time zones has not been initiated due
to the vital nature of ESCP-3072 during emergencies.

Examples of ESCP-3072 messages:

Though most messages from ESCP-3072 are repetitive demands that the
Foundation reduce costs or take actions blatantly intended to increase
the value of Envelope Logistics investments, ESCP-3072 suspends these
activities during events which may cause K-Class End-of-the-World
Scenarios, the cessation of global financial trading, or large
monetary damage to Foundation holdings. This appears to be in the
interests of protecting its "global investment portfolio." Examples of
prescient ESCP-3072 messages regarding said scenarios is below.

To date, printed messages from ESCP-3072 have allowed the Foundation
to prevent over 1,291 potential K-class scenarios, in many cases
forming our first knowledge of the same. The importance of messages
from ESCP-3072 being continually relayed to the O5 Council during this
emergency cannot be understated.


Addendum: ESCP-3072 has been classed Keter due to the possibility that
the 'market system' by which Envelope Logistics allegedly invests in
numerous aspects of our reality results in behavior wherein
shareholders decide to short-sell in pursuit of profit. For this
reason, responding personnel are not to directly act on printed
messages from ESCP-3072, only relay them upwards.





