                                    SCP-3309                                    
                                    ========                                    

                      Where We Go When We Fade, Fade Away                       
                      -----------------------------------                       

NOTICE FROM THE PATAPHYSICS DEPARTMENT

The file you wish to access, “SCP-3309,” describes an unpredictable 
narrativic anomaly intersecting with multiple subnarrative layers. Narrativic 
inoculation is required, as this document contains several embedded 
narrativohazards.1 Personnel without inoculation against such anomalies may 
experience a narrative paraphrasing event. 

Are you sure you wish to continue?

Narrativic inoculation disseminated.

Sometimes we don't fade until it's too late.

Until we've withered, withered, to the bone. And at the end, there's nothing 
left. It's forgotten. Memories, hopes, dreams; we're all forgotten. How can we 
know that people even have these memories, these hopes, and these dreams? Who 
could forget us if there was nothing there to begin with? We fade from the minds 
of others, but not from our own. We live with it until we can't live any longer. 
Until we forget there was ever any way we could live in peace. And then, that's 
when we fade away. 

Fade, fade away.

Inoculation completed! You may continue.


Item #: SCP-3309 

Level 5/3309

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: AMIDA

TOP-SECRET

Special Containment Procedures: All documentation on anomalies affected by 
SCP-3309 is to be preserved in a paraphrased format and kept within the RAISA 
Archive database. After the containment of an instance, all personnel assigned 
to the affected anomaly must undergo amnestic treatment and transfer to 
unrelated projects. 

Description: SCP-3309 is a phenomenon in which catalogued anomalies 
spontaneously disappear. Items affected by SCP-3309 have included anomalous 
objects, entities, locations, and conceptual structures. Anomalies affected by 
this phenomenon appear to lack a causal relation; SCP-3309 activity is indicated 
by a note of unknown origin (designated SCP-3309-1). 

Between 24 and 36 hr before the disappearance of an anomaly, SCP-3309-1 appears 
appended to the item's file. Documents undergoing SCP-3309 become wiped from all 
known file systems, including Protected Site-01 and RAISA Archives. Afterward, 
the anomaly itself becomes effectively neutralized or otherwise disappears. 

The contents of SCP-3309-1 are as follows:

If you are not the author and you want to rewrite this article, you may reply to 
this post asking for the opportunity to do so. Please obtain permission from the 
author. 

SCP-3309 affects backups created for disappearing documents. SCP-3309 also 
affects the documents of anomalous items encountering SCP-3309; about 71% of 
disappearing documents are connected to other, unaffected anomalies. This leads 
to a weakening in the Foundation's anomaly containment network, potentially 
escalating to an ADK-Class “Complete Anomalous Destabilization” Scenario. 



Footnotes

1. Narrativohazard: A cascading hazard affecting elements of a narrative and its 
mode of transmission, often leading to their mutual destruction. Definitions of 
a narrative differ among cultures but typically describe a story and its medium. 


ADDENDA MATERIALS

I. Ethics Committee Tribunal

TS/3309/EYES ONLY

Since its prime emergence, SCP-3309 has affected an average of 40 anomalies per 
month. Researchers assigned to SCP-3309 have identified an emerging pattern and 
developed a list of criteria: 

Affected items are documented as having been contained with excessive 
containment procedures, such as chambers constructed from heavy-duty titanium 
alloy. This indicates either a misunderstanding of the anomaly's nature or an 
unprofessional level of care taken to contain it. 

The affected item itself is powerful enough to threaten a K-Class 
“End-of-the-World” Scenario. Documentation outlines only partial 
consequences of the anomaly, and any Provisional Containment Procedures 
typically align with that of the first criteria. 

The affected item's documentation — including any added supplements — is 
poorly written, improperly formatted, or filled with logical and grammatical 
errors. 

Based on these observations, the containment team has proposed Project: TAPERED 
SPEAR. TAPERED SPEAR outlines the adaptation of these criteria for use against 
high-risk anomalies to neutralize them. As this contravenes the Foundation's 
mission, an Ethics Committee special tribunal has contested the execution of 
TAPERED SPEAR. 

The results of this tribunal are as follows:

PROJECT: TAPERED SPEAR

TRIBUNAL RESULTS

FOR: 21

AGAINST: 20

ABSTAIN: 2

OUTCOME: TAPERED SPEAR is authorized. SCP-3309 is pending secondary 
reclassification to THAUMIEL-Class. 


II. Project: TAPERED SPEAR

TS/3309/EYES ONLY

Preliminary testing of SCP-3309 to determine the suitability of a Thaumiel 
reclassification has officially begun. Attached is an experimentation log, the 
results of which will determine a final decision. 

PROPOSAL EXCERPT

PROPOSAL: Use SCP-3309 to neutralize SCP-4463: A complex water-based spatial 
anomaly capable of flooding North America within 50 years. 

DESCRIPTION: SCP-4463 is a water-based anomaly affecting parts of the Chihuahuan 
Desert in the state of Arizona. SCP-4463 describes the gradual transformation of 
a substantial area of the desert into an equal area of wetlands. 

Since the 1990s, desertification of southeastern Arizona has occurred at a rate 
of 2 km2 per month. This desertification increased at a rate of 0.5% per year 
until 2008, when 1 200 km2 of previously arable land had been rendered 
incapable of bearing healthy vegetation. In response, the government of Arizona 
considered this phenomenon an ecological disaster and enacted plans to reverse 
the spread of desertification. This occurred as a response to mass protests by 
members of the Pascua Yaqui Tribe in the neighbouring Tucson region beginning in 
November 2006. 

In August 2008, 60% of desiccated topsoil per square metre began transformatiom 
into water by an unknown anomalous effect. At present, 45% of the previously 
desertified area has transformed into wetlands, preventing any native animal or 
human development in this territory. 

FURTHER ACTIONS TAKEN: SCP-4463's file was updated to contain heavy grammatical 
errors and significant inconsistencies among related effects of the anomaly. 
Various fabricated addenda and an unrelated image depicting a large ocean wave 
were also added. 

RESULT: SCP-4463 was erased from all Foundation databases within a 28-hr period. 
After further research and observation into the former location of SCP-4463, its 
risk had been nullified, and the area again became desertified. 

After continued debate and experimentation involving 19 different anomalies, 
SCP-3309 has passed the second stage of voting within the Ethics Committee 
special tribunal. SCP-3309 has been additionally classified as Thaumiel and 
authorized for use in TAPERED SPEAR. The first round of post-reclassification 
research involving 49 anomalies is under way. 

RESEARCHER NOTE

I don't understand how one round of testing could burden a man like this. I 
think I saw my first white hair this morning — or an entire patch of white 
hairs? 

Fading to dust — how does that feel? Would it burden my senses the way an 
illness might? Or might it leave me numb? I think, if I had to go out, I would 
want to continue feeling, even into my final moment. To know I'm still here, as 
everything else fades away. 

There's something wrong.

I've locked myself in my office. I'm going numb. This isn't what I would have 
wanted. But the end doesn't much care about one man's wants and needs, does it? 
There is nothing, nothing. 

Did we ever find out where those neutralized anomalies went? Surely it can't be 
so straightforward, to do what we did — to see justice without repercussions. 
That's unlike us. But it feels like everyone, everyone except me, forgot what 
happened. 

Is it that simple? Have we simply forgotten?

I don't want to be forgotten.

—Researcher Adamo Smalls

Memetics and Infohazards Division


III. [                                 ]

Researcher Smalls did not attend the latter parts of our testing this evening. 
He no longer appears on any of our itineraries, and his name has been expunged 
from my project files. If there has been an immediate project alteration or a 
change in schedules that I was not informed of, please let me know immediately. 

—Researcher John Calzaroli


John, are you all right? Yes, there was indeed a 3-hour schedule change, but no 
“Researcher Smalls” has ever been involved with this project. I can assure 
you — no one named Researcher Smalls has worked with us. 

Please, John, take a break; the stress must be getting to you. I know that 
testing has been cutthroat these past few weeks. I feel it, too. 

—Dr. Robert Woods


You're mistaken. You must know the man. He's the most exceptional memeticist we 
have. 

But, if you truly claim there is no Researcher Smalls, well, there must be 
something more to this. SCP-3309 erases anomalies and the files associated with 
them. We haven't discussed where exactly these anomalies go, and I'm sure we've 
all had our questions. As far as I remember, Smalls was assigned to SCP-3309 
when it was first discovered. 

Are we certain personnel aren't also being deleted?

[ACCOUNT DELETED]


What the hell?

—Dr. Robert Woods

FROM: [ACCOUNT DELETED]

[MESSAGE DELETED]

[END OF FILE]


