                                    SCP-3939                                    
                                    ========                                    

                     [NUMBER RESERVED; AWAITING RESEARCHER]                     
                     --------------------------------------                     

Item #: SCP-3939 

Object Class: Unclassed 

Special Containment Procedures: Object is kept in standard pre-containment 
holding cell. A researcher is to be assigned to classify it as soon as possible. 

Description: None yet available. 

You read the object's document — all measly 24 words of it — and shudder at 
the work that lies ahead of you. 

Your name is Senior Researcher ████ ████████, and you 
are a researcher assigned to SCP-3939. 

Last week, you were demoted to from Class 4 to Class 3 on account of critical 
oversights in your last project. It wasn't your fault, but they didn't see it 
that way. Fortunately for you, that wasn't your last chance — but this is. 
SCP-3939 could be the last project you ever work on for the Foundation, and that 
prospect terrifies you. The thought of going 'home', of having a 'family', a 
'normal life', being able to do all the things normal people do — what the 
sheep do — that's not okay. The Foundation is your home, your family, where 
you belong. Your life's work is here, and now that it's all in jeopardy, you're 
more stressed than you've ever been. 

You have three days to develop full containment procedures for an unknown SCP. 
SCP-3939. You've done this a hundred times before, and they didn't give you an 
MTF to help you out, so how bad can it be? 

You get to work immediately. From the terminal in your office, you do what 
research you can to fill yourself in on what you've missed. It quickly becomes 
clear that all is not as it seems. You've asked the right people the right 
questions, but something is very wrong. The object has been in containment since 
Site-39's records began — thirteen years ago — but there is no history of 
its acquisition, of previous containment procedures, or even of previous 
researchers. 

So they've just had this anomalous object sitting about in some holding cell in 
storage for thirteen years, unclassed, uncontained, just doing whatever. And no 
one has thought to think about properly containing it until now. 

See, normally, stuff is at least classified immediately. You know, Safe, Euclid, 
Keter. However the Foundation found out about the skip, however it was 
retrieved, they must know something. But you've read the document twenty times 
now, and you know nothing. Except that it's a gramophone. At least they bothered 
to take a picture before they took it in. 

It's kind of weird that they gave it a number if it's not even been classified, 
you can't help but think to yourself. Well, you're not one to pass up a good 
opportunity. This will be your chance to shine. Make good enough containment 
procedures, and you might just get your Class 4 back, who knows. 

You've been given two Junior Researchers: Sally Hawthorne and Carlos Rodriguez. 
You've worked with both before, though only a small amount, and not less than a 
year ago. 

With that in mind, what's your first action? 

Three days? You've got time. This can wait until tomorrow. 

Enter the holding cell to see what's in there. 

Immediately send an email to the Site Director to ask what's going on. 


