                                    SCP-3426                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    Reckoner                                    
                                    --------                                    

Item #: SCP-3426 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Until the nature of SCP-3426 can be definitively 
ascertained, containment should focus on preventing as many of the theorized 
conditions for its occurrence as possible. As such, scientific progress into a 
unified physics hypothesis1Footnote One: Colloquially termed "theories of 
everything," such as string theory or loop quantum gravity. and the creation of 
infinitely sustainable energy should be heavily impeded. Other areas of social 
and technological progress that could potentially result in an occurrence of 
SCP-3426 on Earth must be prevented by any reasonable means currently available. 
Additional measures may be taken in the event that the collective human race 
approaches attainment of Type I civilization status (as defined on the Kardeshev 
scale)2Footnote Two: Defined as being able to store and use all energy that 
reaches the planet from the parent star.. 

Investigation of phenomena related to SCP-3426 will take place under Operation 
GREY VOICES. Mechanical probe surveys to a maximum range of 100 light years will 
attempt to ascertain the commonality and range of SCP-3426, and manned 
excursions of post-3426 planets are currently in the planning process. Operation 
GREY VOICES will centralize the relevant collected data, and collaborate with 
other Foundation internal research divisions, including the Memetics and 
Infohazards Division, Temporal Anomalies Department, Thaumatological Department, 
and Biological Containment and Research Division, for the purpose of attaining a 
greater understanding of SCP-3426. 

Civilian surveys of exoplanets and cosmological imaging projects will be 
strictly monitored for images or data that show evidence of SCP-3426. Upon 
discovery, data of SCP-3426 is to be erased or edited as necessary, and 
amnestics administered to persons involved. 

Description: SCP-3426 is a phenomenon that is responsible for the total 
extinction of a technologically and socially advanced planetary civilization. 
SCP-3426 may be an event, entity, process, object, or concept; to date there 
exists no definitive hypothesis on the attributes of the anomaly. However, it is 
known that the conditions for the manifestation of SCP-3426 are self-consistent 
and follow an established pattern. It is believed that SCP-3426 manifestation is 
widespread and possibly universal. 

A planet that has been affected by SCP-3426 is termed "post-3426." Post-3426 
planets and civilizations share a number of common characteristics. 

The civilization must have achieved a relative degree of global sociopolitical 
stability3Footnote Three: By "relative," it is meant that - as a whole - 
widespread changes in the world order, upheavals in social norms, and 
non-localized political unrest are essentially eradicated.. 

A limitless or indefinitely sustainable source of worldwide energy is in use 
(e.g. nuclear fusion, hydrogen mining, orbital solar collection, or enhanced 
geothermal systems). 

This energy must be widespread and plentiful enough for the civilization to 
qualify as a Type I civilization or higher on the Kardeshev scale. 

A unified scientific theory/model of the universe must have been developed. 

Space travel is commonplace, and is advanced enough to allow for detailed 
exploration of the local solar system. 

There exists an organization whose purpose is to catalogue and contain as many 
anomalous phenomena as possible. 

Post-3426 planets display widespread anomalous material corrosion, reality 
distortion, complete or near-complete corruption of information and information 
media, and the pervasive presence of visual cognitohazards and abnormalities. 
Sapient lifeforms on a post-3426 planet appear in two stages based on time since 
SCP-3426 took place. If it has been 1 year or less since the occurrence of 
SCP-3426, such organisms appear suspended or frozen in place, lack any 
consciousness, and display total cell death. In some cases, they may appear 
translucent or blurred to cameras and to the eye. Afterwards, intelligent life 
is apparently completely spatially erased; while possessions, information, and 
structures created as a result of the species remain present, if highly 
deviated, no physical remains of the species itself exist. 

Data, items, and artifacts were collected primarily through the mass usage of 
drones, orbital probes, and imaging sensors deployed onto post-3426 planets. 
Further information on the exact properties or effects of SCP-3426 has been 
difficult to recover. Probes that enter the atmosphere of a post-3426 planet 
quickly deteriorate within 24 hours, becoming affected by the spacetime 
distortion and material corrosion permeating the planet's surface and 
surroundings. As a result, recovered data on post-3426 planets is extremely 
limited. 

Based on data and related analysis from Operation GREY VOICES, it is believed 
that SCP-3426 induces a slow collapse of the consistency of universal constants 
and stable states within the planet. This collapse weakens force interactions 
between elementary particles, creates extreme planetwide ontokinetic and 
material distortion effects, and gradually prevents any information or conscious 
thought from being distributed. This process culminates in all matter on the 
planet reaching a state of catastrophic incoherence, theoretically resulting in 
the slow erasure of objects, concepts, and lifeforms originating from it. This 
phenomenon has been provisionally classed as a ZK-λ-Class Cosmic Fragmentation 
Scenario. 

While research into SCP-3426 has yielded a vast variety of information regarding 
its nature and end results, the mechanism by which SCP-3426 acts remains 
unknown. 


Addendum 3426.1: Incomplete List of Post-3426 Planets 

At present, Operation GREY VOICES has examined all exoplanets within a 75-light 
year radius of Earth. From this current exploration area, 16 planets have met 
the hypothesized conditions required for the occurrence of SCP-3426. All 16 were 
affected by SCP-3426 either upon discovery or within 5 years of detection. 


A partial list of post-3426 exoplanets and their characteristics is shown below. 

Gliese 1214b (Post-3426-2) 

Traits 

Ocean planet, hydrogen and helium atmosphere. Dominant lifeforms were aquatic 
non-humanoids with primary settlements underneath the ocean. Technologically 
advanced society organized into strict unified social hierarchies. Outposts 
existed both in the atmosphere and in space, used for the purpose of research 
into the local star system. The civilization had no clear leader of governmental 
system; rather, computers dispensed resources distributed according to caste. 

Post-3426 Characteristics 

After SCP-3426, post-3426-2 had approximately half of its water transmuted to 
deuterium and tritium oxide. Consciousness in all sapient lifeforms 
spontaneously stopped. Computers and other data storage devices underwent 
apparent global information corruption, with only 15% of the civilization's 
information remaining readable. Water molecules no longer "flow"; the substance 
acts as a single, rigid, continuous solid. 

Notes 

None 


Kepler-443b (Post-3426-5) 

Traits 

Thick atmosphere, strong gravitational field, and cold average temperatures. 
Dominant lifeforms had mammalian characteristics such as body hair and live 
birth, but possessed ectothermic circulation in the same fashion as reptiles. 
Dominant religion involved the worship of an entity ascribed to the planet's 
star, which was said to be responsible for continually rebuilding and moving the 
universe. 

Post-3426 Characteristics 

Post-3426-5 experienced a form of catastrophic reality degradation in which the 
formation of chemical compounds became impossible due to weakening of the 
electrostatic force. An additional anomalous effect causes all native living 
organisms to be perceived as a two-dimensional shimmering, gray film. This 
effect is both present in photographs and video from the planet and physical 
artifacts collected from it. 

Notes 

None 


Luyten b (Post-3426-10) 

Traits 

Rocky planet with Earth-like composition, orbiting a red dwarf. Mild (292 K) 
temperatures and nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere. Dominant intelligent life was 
humanoid. The planet had recently survived the effects of a catastrophic nuclear 
war which subsequently led to a current period of utopian peace and social 
stability. Primary energy source was obtained through large-scale drilling into 
the planet's mantle. 

Post-3426 Characteristics 

All events taking place on post-3426-10 occur in apparent disjointed slow 
motion. Movement, interaction, and even thought are anomalously decelerated; 
this deceleration is inconsistent among the surface, with some regions being 
"slower" than others. This effect can also manifest as a complete and total 
stopping of time, with all particle movement in an affected region ceasing. 
Analysis of the mantle of the planet revealed that it had been transformed to a 
perfectly smooth, transparent layer of pink glass. Interaction with this glass 
results in malfunction of any nearby electrically-powered devices and an intense 
feeling of vertigo. 

Notes 

The dominant lifeforms inhabiting post-3426-10 appear to communicate in an 
undocumented Indo-European language with significant similarities to 
Hittite4Footnote Four: An extinct language spoken by the Hittite empire of the 
16th-13th centuries BCE.. The status of this phenomenon as an anomaly is 
currently under review. 


TRAPPIST-1f (Post-3426-13) 

Traits 

Orbits ultracool dwarf star; rocky Earth-like composition with large 
high-pressure water vapor envelope covering planet. Similarly to Earth, 
planetary society consisted of a multitude of separated geopolitical states 
coexisting in a roughly capitalist system. Analogue of the SCP Foundation, 
notably, was a peacekeeping organization that traded anomalies and used them 
strategically to prevent wars, research medical and scientific advances, or 
expose social and economic injustices. 

Post-3426 Characteristics 

Extreme spatial distortion. Entire regions are "displaced" from the rest of the 
surface, while a low static blur is visible across most of the planet. It is 
unknown whether this is a visual or an ontokinetic effect. On occasion, a sudden 
tear in the spacetime continuum within the planet's atmosphere is detected, 
followed by the appearance of black mist. This mist will usually move towards an 
unconscious sentient lifeform or data storage device and enter it. Once this has 
been completed, it becomes impossible for any being to comprehend any concepts 
related to or contained in the affected object. This has made data gathering 
from post-3426-13 extremely difficult. 

Notes 

All containment sites operated by post-3426-13's SCP Foundation analogue have 
been replaced by large spheres of total darkness. Mechanical probes entering 
these regions of total darkness experience an unusual form of breakdown (see 
Addendum 3426.3). 


Addendum 3426.2: Recovered Data and Artifacts List 

Rough translations of recovered data were provided by the Linguistics Department 
under request by Operation GREY VOICES. Translations are not guaranteed to be 
accurate. 

Item Source: Computer terminal drive on space station orbiting post-3426-2. 

We are on the verge of finally discovering it - [CORRUPTED] equation of 
everything. The mathematics is working perfectly; too perfectly, perhaps, for me 
to remain comfortable with this experiment much longer. [CORRUPTED] natural 
laws, behaviors, and forces? 

I cannot help but fear at what these findings imply. I cannot keep this secret. 
This conclusion is something that affects everything. Not just on the planet, 
everywhere. [CORRUPTED] that exists. We are n[CORRUPTED] and as I stare further 
and further into the sandgrains that make this world, I am further convinced 
that they are built out of mist and magic. 


Item Source: Emergency message found playing on repeat in all structures in 
post-3426-2. 

Attention! [CORRUPTED] worldwide informational, physical, and chemical hazards. 
Please remain calm and take note of the following precautions to ensure your 
safety. 

Once this message completes, shut off all electric devices you currently 
possess. Close all openings or viewings from outside the building you are 
currently in. If you are not currently inside an enclosed building, seek shelter 
in one immediately. 

Cover up or illuminate all sources of darkness in your location of shelter. 
Destroy any reflective surfaces in your location of shelter. Destroy any 
transparent surfaces in your location of shelter. If you begin witnessing 
bizarre, disturbing, or unsettling effects occuring in your location of shelter, 
do not report or point them out to any other person. Doing so will allow 
[CORRUPTED] to spread. 

When you begin to hear the screaming in your mind, move to a room or place where 
you can be alone. Darken the room completely. This will allow the fading to 
happen most quickly. Bring any possessions of sentimental value with you. The 
screams will become overpowering. Do not panic. Focus on a memory of great 
intensity to you, and be silent until you do not exist. 

If at any point you feel that you cannot continue, remember that a 
Society-issued weapon should be available in every facility. Your death will be 
quick and painless. 

This message will continue until nothing is left to hear it. This message 
[CORRUPTED] it. This message will continue until nothing is left to hear it. 


Item Source: A native plant from post-3426-5. 

As far as can be ascertained, the plant is approximately 0.75 meters tall and is 
most likely a flowering plant. This plant was common across post-3426-5’s 
ground and was pollinated by many native fauna on post-3426-5. 

Within the first fifteen minutes of viewing, the object is perceived by all 
intelligent life as a plant-shaped mass of static. This static appears 
two-dimensional from all sides despite existing in a three-dimensional space. 
Extended observation of the static tends to cause discomfort in all observers. 
After fifteen minutes have passed, the plant is no longer able to be perceived 
by the observer. The observer’s memories of the plant are immediately 
retained, but physical viewing of the plant’s location presents itself as if 
the object itself was not present. Testers could describe an unknown object 
perfectly even if it was presumably obscured by the plant. 

This effect changes after an additional two to three days have passed. All 
people who are affected by the property that prevents perception of the plant 
begin to see the plant as a miscellaneous flower that the observer attaches 
emotional value or meaning to. The flower type that is perceived varies greatly 
from person to person. 

Foundation AICs, upon being presented with the plant, appear to perceive it as a 
random pattern of shapes and colors. The reason for this effect is undetermined. 


Item Source: Official internal statement from the SCP Foundation equivalent from 
post-3426-10. 

To All That Remain: 

We, the Conclave of Six, reveal our words to you today because Celcigng5Footnote 
Five: Approximate phonetic recreation of the native name for post-3426-10. will 
soon cease to exist. And it must come to pass because of our doing. We delved 
too far, knew too much. We wanted to know secrets which were not meant for the 
mortals to know; questions of gods and creators, questions of the elementary 
makeup of everything. Now we face the apocalypse. Divine punishment for our 
transgressions. 

We have little left to say. In the coming days, you will find that the domain of 
physical meaning will shatter into a billion pieces. Specifically, this planet 
will be ravaged: both by a massive upheaval in universal laws that is roughly 
equivalent to the entire planet becoming a high-intensity hostile 
matter-affecting anomaly (or, as you also know it, a Segment-M/Threat-RH 
phenomenon); and by a vast number of incorporeal entities (we believe they're 
entities, but we're not sure) that will attempt to slowly erase and corrupt all 
sources of information and knowledge originating from Celcigng. Yes, this 
includes you. 

You have two choices. 

If you stay on Celcigng, your consciousness will be ripped apart from you and 
leave only a pale image of anything you were. Time and space will blend their 
twisted forms into each other until everything and nothing happens at once; 
every second squished together and lengthened into eternity. Communication and 
thought will die a slow death. Eventually, everything that originates from our 
world will collapse into itself, and be erased from the universe. The only 
fragments of our legacy will be warped to be unrecognizable. 

Alternatively, you can take the preliminary space shuttle we have made out of 
all the anomalous material we still have left. It will get you far, but not much 
farther; from what we understand, it is the very fabric of the multiverse itself 
that is coming to blot us out. 

Long live Celcigng. May its death not be in vain. 


Item Source: Handwritten note scrawled into the inside back cover of a book on 
post-3426-13. 

The world is on slow fire. Swarms of bitter void break apart from the sky and 
attack. I don't think there's time left to escape. I think, even if we did, they 
would follow. 

I looked upwards and in a moment the sky was suddenly black and the sun was even 
darker, all filaments and strands of infectious shadows. I don't even know how 
they got here, why they chose us, why why why; they sent 

sent — the flying things, signals — I can't recall the names 

but as it hit the black barrier they simply disappeared. We're going away, too. 
Everything I know is fading. I look at the world, and half of the words I use 
for things have been blocked out by my memory. 

The computers don't work anymore. When I open this book, the words are replaced 
by bars of white and black and. That's what they're doing, don't you see? They 
are v? nothing but nothing and they want to make us unreal and time and space 
unreal 

As I look out of this window, the top half of the building next to me is 
disjointed from the bottom half. The people in the window across are frozen. 
Then they flash and move for an instant, and are frozen once more. Every time 
they move, the color of everything turns red and blue and green in a strobe of 
terror. 

Reality is coming apart at the seams. 

I have 

My sister is in the house with me. We are trying to keep out of reach of the 
unreal darknesses. She has 

she has told me that there is a voice in her head. I asked her what the voice 
was saying; she said it was only a wailing. It is the end for her, then. I will 
watch as the wailing overpowers her mind, and she forgets everything she is. She 
will forget she was ever an intelligent being. She will forget all of the world 
and all of the past and the present and the future, the little of it we have 
left. She will then become unregisterable to me in my mind or to anyone's mind. 
Her consciousness and her identity will be severed from the rest of our 
knowledge, until she dissolves alone in a universe of one, and becomes an object 
eaten by the all-consuming unreality. 

She was too young. 

I hear something in my head [CORRUPTED] the light 


- LEVEL 4/3426/CLASSIFIED 

- ENTER LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE 

Addendum 3426.3: Post-3426-13 Exploration Log 

Exploration Log 3426-UA-13C

The following log depicts the received camera feed of the exploration
of the void regions of post-3426-13, involving the usage of an
unmanned drone. This file is limited to personnel level 4 clearance or
higher. While neither infohazards nor cognitohazards have yet been
detected to be present in this transcription, all personnel viewing
this file must undergo a Level 2 Hazardous Meme Scan before
proceeding.

In order to further investigate the widespread regions of void present
across post-3426-13, the SCPS Sternenlicht, an unmanned exploration
vessel, drops out of FTL in the upper atmosphere of post-3426-13. The
Sternenlicht simultaneously launches a close-range automated drone
(SKF-070) with camera feed connected to the main ship.

[BEGIN LOG]

<T+00:01:27> The drone enters the lower atmosphere and deploys
parachute. Drone registers minor surface damage; later analysis shows
that a thin layer of the material surrounding the drone had been
transformed into balsa wood. Cause of this event is unknown.

<T+00:04:50> The drone lands on the surface of post-3426-13. Video
feed shows that the sky appears to be "phasing" in and out, making
formations such as clouds and the sun periodically look transparent.
The sky is a pinkish-red color with a dark hue, caused by the low
brightness of the red dwarf star, TRAPPIST-1. A number of avian
lifeforms appear to be frozen in the sky.

<T+00:05:01> Drone begins movement towards point of target. From its
altitude, the camera can see the regional landscape. The area appears
to be a coastal grassland plain. Ocean water drifts towards the
shoreline in misshapen, angular waves. As the waves break onto the
beach, they are suddenly turned into what are apparently perfectly cut
diamonds. The diamonds fade away a few seconds after they are
deposited on the beach. Camera pans 180 degrees. A number of vaguely
humanoid lifeforms are frozen in place along the shore, thin white
wisps "evaporating" off of their forms. Debris is strewn about the
area, and small fires burn in the distance.

<T+00:05:11> Abruptly, there is a flash on the camera feed that blinds
the view momentarily. After a few seconds, the view returns, revealing
that the entire sky appears to have lost all color contrast. There is
a crackling noise, and the color of the sky returns to normal. Drone
begins heading towards target location.

<T+00:14:08> Drone passes over planet's surface for approximately 4
km. Video feed notes the appearance of several more anomalous
features. Several structures and buildings appear to be completely
"flattened" into the ground, creating two-dimensional images of the
structures and their contents on the surface. The drone passes by a
number of posters, billboards, and other signage - however, all words
and iconography on the signs appear as unreadable black bars. Many of
the objects, flora, and fauna on post-3426-13 are warped or disjointed
in some way, and some are translucent or nearly transparent.

<T+00:17:35> Drone approaches target. Camera shows a completely dark
sphere, completely static, emitting no sound or light. The sphere is
roughly estimated to be about a quarter mile in radius. Drone
activates several sensors to scan anomaly, including light, sound,
sentience, matter scattering and conceptual identity. All sensors
return negative.

<T+00:17:59> Drone breaches the barrier of the void.

<T+00:18:36> Camera feed begins to play faint sounds of static. A
pristine, non-anomalous planetary landscape is seen; about fifty yards
ahead, there is an industrial building with large glass windows and
unreadable insignia branded on the front. Drone enters an open door on
the first floor of the complex.

<T+00:18:55> Static slightly increases in volume. Drone emerges in a
clean, bluish-white office space with a large plastic counter on the
far side, decorated with potted plants. A sign is hung on the back of
the wall behind the counter. Normally, this sign would be illegible or
obscured by sensory bars; however, there are words on the sign,
reading "NOTHING IS HERE, LOCK YOURSELF INSIDE".

<T+00:21:40> Drone proceeds down open corridor. To one side, there are
large glass windows open to the sky. As the drone continues down the
corridor, the windows appear to grow and shrink in dimension. There is
a small object at the end of the corridor, which terminates in a dead
end. The corridor is not lit well enough for the object to be
identified.

<T+00:22:23> Set onto the floor of the corridor is what is evidently a
television set. The television has the same shape and dimensions to
match a typical CRT television from the late 1970s. As the drone
approaches, it turns on.

<T+00:22:31> The drone stops despite the control systems from the
Sternenlicht being completely severed. The sound of static on the
video feed suddenly increases in volume, nearly drowning out any other
noise. The television shows a series of sounds and images, including
clips of asteroids floating through space, large networks of massive
supercomputers, crowds of people going about their daily activities,
the drone itself hovering in front of the television screen, and an
endless brightly-lit corridor. These images cycle through each other
interspersed with flashes of white light. The cycling becomes faster,
and the flashes of light last longer and longer. Faintly visible in
the light now are outlines of shapes; amorphous forms that move about
the screen. The amorphous forms combine and reform until they create
the vague outline of a human head. The human head is looking directly
into the drone's camera.

<T+00:24:57> The drone is suddenly propelled forward towards a
collision course with the blank wall. The wall appears to fall away
and the drone is pushed forward into an empty white space and begins
to fall.

<T+00:34:57> After exactly ten minutes of continuous falling, the
drone suddenly emerges in the office lobby at the entrance of the
building. The lobby is nominally the same in organization, appearance,
and features. The sign behind the counter has changed words: it now
reads, "GO BACK TO SLEEP GO BACK TO SLEEP GO BACK". Outside the
floor-to-ceiling windows, the entire sky has acquired a dull red glow.

<T+00:37:09> The camera notes the presence of a new hallway to the
other side of the previous hallway that was not present before. As the
drone approaches, faint sounds of mechanical operation, such as
electrical beeps and running motors, become faintly audible. Just as
the drone is about to enter the hallway, the video feed suddenly emits
the sound of screaming, and the drone appears again in the center of
the office foyer. For approximately two hours, the drone continuously
attempts to enter the newly made hallway, with the same events
occurring each time.

<T+02:32:32> Over the next two hours, the sun sets and night falls.
There is knocking on the windows, but no movement is registered from
the outside. The knocking on the windows becomes more and more
frantic. From the outside, the stars appear to be blood-red. The drone
approaches the hallway, and is this time not impeded. The static in
the background swells and crackles, and a faint voice can be made out
just underneath the interference. The voice says, "The universe is an
infinite staircase, but it is shattered. You will shatter it." The
drone proceeds down the hallway.

<T+02:38:15> The hallway is an endless, brightly-lit corridor with no
exits or side doors. Fluorescent lights are positioned on the ceiling
at regular intervals. After a few minutes of travel, it is impossible
to tell how far the drone has moved; the featurelessness of the
hallway prevents any kind of relative positioning.

<T+03:50:49> After about one hour of travel, the static slowly begins
to quiet, and is replaced with the growing sound of high-pitched
wailing coming from thousands of sources.

<T+04:01:50> Dark wisps are emitted from the lamps, swarming together
and flowing through the air. The audio is interspersed with intense
high-frequency sound; when the sound is emitted, the video feed
suddenly pixelates and shows random patterns of vivid colors. This
pattern continues for a little less than two days.

<T+51:37:04> A subtle change is now added to this pattern of data.
Every time a pixelation event occurs, one of the pixels in the camera
remains "dead," sticking to the camera screen. Over time, the dead
pixels fill the entire camera view.

<T+78:23:30> The video feed has now been completely obscured by a
variety of dead pixels. The sound of screaming has reached
approximately 150 Db, intense enough to cause rupturing of the
eardrums. Shapes appear to form in the dead pixels, as if the pixels
were moving through a field or an outline of static. The hallway's
shape is vaguely visible in the static as the drone continues to move
through it, but now visible are hundreds of distorted human figures
that stand still in the hallway, extending indefinitely through the
corridor. Their faces are featureless except for eyes and a mouth.

<T+78:25:41> The high-frequency pitches cease. The audio feed is now
completely silent.

<T+78:25:48> The swarm of humanoid faces all simultaneously turn
towards the drone's camera. The figures disintegrate into black minute
particles. The pixelation effect on the camera clears. The lights in
the hallway all go out, leaving the drone in complete darkness.

<T+78:25:53> The drone activates its searchlight and shines it into
the hallway. The hallway begins to spin and reflect in on itself.
Different sections of the hallway seem to cross over each other,
rotate, and reverse until it creates a kaleidoscope-like pattern in
place of the original corridor. The hallway splits in half repeatedly
into sections separated by cracks of blinding white light. The hallway
then appears to unravel and coil itself around the probe until it has
no room left to move. The cracks in the hallway expand and the light
spilling out of it grows brighter.

<T+78:26:36> The camera view switches abruptly to a continuous white
field.

<T+84:11:47> Nearly six hours later, change is detected in camera
view. The white field begins to gradually fade into total blackness.
As this occurs, systems on the drone progressively shut down in
sequence, and the probe begins to lose capabilities.

<T+84:14:21> The drone shakes violently as its processing systems
completely fail. A dark red flash is briefly seen permeating the
camera's view before the feed cuts out.

[END LOG]

Addendum: The transcription of this camera feed is based on general
consensus from a variety of viewers of the drone's camera recordings.
The accuracy or reality of this transcription is currently not known.
Re-recordings or attempts at computer analysis of this exploration log
indicate that all reception ends past timestamp T+00:17:59; past this
point, the recording apparently consists entirely of static.



Footnotes 

1. Colloquially termed "theories of everything," such as string theory or loop 
quantum gravity. 

2. Defined as being able to store and use all energy that reaches the planet 
from the parent star. 

3. By "relative," it is meant that - as a whole - widespread changes in the 
world order, upheavals in social norms, and non-localized political unrest are 
essentially eradicated. 

4. An extinct language spoken by the Hittite empire of the 16th-13th centuries 
BCE. 

5. Approximate phonetic recreation of the native name for post-3426-10. 



