                                    SCP-4939                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              The Man on the Moon                               
                              -------------------                               

Item #: SCP-4939 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4939 is self-containing within its 
documentation file. 

Description: SCP-4939 is an anomalous error within the Foundation database 
attached to the statement listed below. 

Upon clicking an individual word in the statement below, the subject will be 
redirected to a series of Foundation documents, the majority of which seemingly 
belong to an alternate timeline, i.e. documentation of undiscovered anomalies. 

SCP-4939: 

A starlight dance. 



SCP-4939

Item #: SCP-8999

Object Class: Simpatico1

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8999 is to be housed in a standard
Animalia kingdom class containment unit in Lunar-Site-04. SCP-8999 is
to be fed two (16oz) proportions of dry dog food daily.

SCP-8999 is to wear a muzzle at all times unless approved for testing
or feeding. To access SCP-8999, permission from personnel of "Lunar
Staff" Level 4 security clearance or higher is required.

Following 08/09/1983, SCP-8999 has been assigned a primary caretaker
for maximum psychological health, that being Dr. Axel Rivas.

Description: SCP-8999 is a canine specimen derived from a Canis lupus
familiaris (Siberian husky). Before gaining its anomalous properties,
SCP-8999 was raised as a part of the Foundation's program training
animals to thrive in space, "Lunar Animals" for testing. SCP-8999,
previously known as "Lucy" was the fittest for space travel at the
time the next flight was planned.

SCP-8999 gained its anomalous properties upon drinking water from the
Nyx River in the Cabeus Crater near the south pole of the moon. Within
minutes of drinking the water, SCP-8999 became unaffected by the
reduced level of gravity. Additionally, SCP-8999 gained the ability to
naturally survive without oxygen. Most notably, SCP-8999 has developed
a series of bark and quadrupedal movement combinations which result in
automatic shifts of the current lunar phase.

Addendum 1: Combination Input/Moonphase Output

The following is a comprehensive list of SCP-8999's discovered bark
and quadrupedal movement combinations which result in automatic shifts
of the earth's moon's current lunar phase:

Bark Type	

Quadrupedal Movement(s)	

Lunar Phase


Three loud barks	

Two steps forward	

Third Quarter shifts to Waxing Cresent


A low whimper	

Two steps backwards	

Waxing Gibbous shifts to First Quarter


A growl	

One step forward	

First Quarter shifts to Waxing Gibbous


A yelp	

Three steps backwards	

Waning Gibbous shifts to New


No sounds were made	

1 full spin, followed by sitting down	

First Quarter shifts to First Quarter


A howl	

Three steps forwards	

Full shifts to Third Quarter


Two whines	

Two steps backwards	

First Quarter shifts to Waxing Gibbous


Addendum 2: Satellite Incident

On 09/021/1983, a NASA satellite captured an image of Dr. Rivas taking
SCP-8999 for testing on the Dorsa Rubey of the moon. Dr. Rivas can
survive the moon's exosphere without any protective gear, thus was not
wearing any. This image was secured by the pentagon and transferred to
the Foundation without incident. Any NASA officials who saw the image
were amnestised.

Dr. Rivas has been ordered to wear non-functional protection gear when
straying from any of the Lunar Sites to prevent an incident of this
calibre from happening again. Dr. Rivas expressed high levels of
stress the following week of the incident, prominently remaining
within the non-oxygen equipped rooms of Lunar-Site-19, and requested a
week break from his work with SCP-8999.



Footnotes

1. Item is unpredictable but not dangerous.



SCP-4939

Item #: SCP-7077

Object Class: Safe (SCP-7077 is currently undergoing neutralization)

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7077 is to be monitored via the
Foundation's The Inventa. Monthly checks are to be carried out until
SCP-7077 has dissipated entirely and permanently, confirming
SCP-7077's neutralization.

SCP-7077-1 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber
within Lunar-Site-10. SCP-7077-1's diet primarily consists of a
beverage comprised of dark matter and ammonia ice.

Description: SCP-7077 is the hexagonal cloud on the south pole1 of
Saturn. SCP-7077 was discovered by the NASA's probe The Rebus on
03/06/1985. The Foundation took notice of SCP-7077 when reports were
released stating the fluctuation of SCP-7077's appearance. Foundation
agents posed as NASA operatives and secured the rights to the Saturn's
Southern Hexagon mission.

Testing has discovered that SCP-7077 is composed of ammonia ice2 and
dark matter. The source of the substance was discovered within The
Inventa Mission.

The Foundation sent The Inventa to observe SCP-7077 18/07/1985.
Thermal imaging displayed a humanoid figure within SCP-7077. Further
exploration revealed a sapient humanoid (designated as SCP-7077-1)
sharing genetic and physical similarities with the Cervidae (deer).

After this discovery, the Foundation attempted communication with
SCP-7077-1 via the space probe The Inventa. SCP-7077-1 agreed to meet
with the Foundation on the Earth's moon to ease communication efforts.

The following is a transcript of the initial interview conducted with
SCP-7077-1:

Interviewed: SCP-7077-1

Interviewer: Dr. Axel Rivas

Foreword: The meeting took place in Lunar-Site-10.

Note: SCP-7077-1's native language was translated into English after
every sentence and vice versa for communication ease.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Rivas: Hello SCP-7077-1, we appreciate your cooperation and
willingness to meet with the Foundation.

SCP-7077-1: No issue, doctor.

Dr. Rivas: My first question, how did you end up at the south pole of
Saturn?

SCP-7077-1: I have been looking for a stable living place for a while.
Not many galaxies offer one. I checked out this red planet, but a
large building was there. Some droids made it clear to me that I was
not welcome. I liked the weather on the red planet. But, it was cold.

Dr. Rivas: I see. You were able to securely stay within the atmosphere
of Mars, the red planet, and you can do so on the moon. How were you
able to do so on Saturn, a planet made of gas?

SCP-7077-1: I have never had issues with the stability of my stay
within a planet's atmosphere.

Dr. Rivas: Good to know. Do you know anything about a hexagonal cloud
above the southern pole of Saturn?

SCP-7077-1: I do, yes.

Dr. Rivas: What do you know about it?

SCP-7077-1: It appeared when I began to brew my [No English word compatible].

Dr. Rivas: Come again?

SCP-7077-1: You foreigners. It is a beverage. I prefer mine cold, with
no flavour. Most look upon me with scorn for these settings. They say
flavourless [No English word compatible] is distasteful. I say they
are distasteful.

Dr. Rivas: What I'm getting is, you brewed the beverage yourself out
of something and…

SCP-7077-1: Ammonia ice.

Dr. Rivas: Right. It seems the brew got caught up in the vortex on the
southern pole of Saturn, thus creating a hexagonal cloud.

SCP-7077-1: I guess that makes sense, doctor.

Dr. Rivas: Yes. Would you mind taking residence on the Earth's moon
under the hands of the Foundation?

SCP-7077-1: Can I have my beverage with me?

Dr. Rivas: We'll see.

SCP-7077: One last question, doctor.

Dr. Rivas: Ask away.

SCP-7077: I have heard that you earth ones, I think you're an earth
one with that build and all, can only breath in earth. How come you
are on the moon, breathing perfectly fine?

Dr. Rivas: I… was affected by an anomaly. I actually cannot breathe on
earth.

SCP-7077: Oh, how unfortunate. You must have had to leave your family
behind. I lost my family to a black hole.

Dr. Rivas: That's terrible, I'm very sorry.

SCP-7077: It appears we're both lone space wanderers.

Dr. Rivas: It does.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: SCP-7077-1 was taken into Foundation custody
following the interview with no incident.

 
As of 02/10/1986, Dr. Rivas has been banned from working with SCP-7077
indefinitely due to a growing emotional attachment.

 

Footnotes

1. The south pole of Saturn did not sport a hexagonal cloud before the
discovery of SCP-7077. The Voyager had only discovered a hexagonal
cloud upon the northern pole of Saturn.

2. Makes up Saturn's hexagon.



SCP-4939

Name: Dr. Axel Rivas

Security Clearance Level: Lunar Staff Level 4

Location: Lunar-Site-04

Profession: Astrologist, Astrobiologist

Specialties: Astrobiology, geology, selenography, working with
technology, mathematics, all of the Lunar Sites

History: Dr. Rivas was affected by SCP-7393 on 09/04/1979, rendering
him unable to breathe the earth's atmosphere, replacing it with the
necessity to "breathe" the moon's exosphere, thus refining him to live
and work within the Foundation's Lunar Sites.

SCP Work: SCP-8999, SCP-6009, SCP-7379, SCP-7077, SCP-8002, Log of Anomalous Space Items


Interview Excerpt:

Foreword: The following is an excerpt from an interview between Dr.
Rivas and Dr. Casey six months following Dr. Rivas' incident with
SCP-7379.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Casey: Did medical staff have to intervene? Did you ever come
close to death? And do you know why SCP-7379 affected you?

Dr. Rivas: Eh, at first I just passed it off as I was coming down with
a bug. I'd just been in space, it made sense. But soon, breathing
became difficult, and the more oxygen they put me on, the weaker I
became. After some tests, it was discovered the water in my body was
now like, moon water, plus I saw the fuckin space-beetle or whatever
SCP-7379-A is in my dreams before the tests. I told them my
hypothesis, we just did the tests to make sure.

Dr. Rivas coughs, followed by a shrug.

Dr. Rivas: I was probably infected because I stepped in the Nyx river
while testing with SCP-8999. Hey, at least I’m her caretaker now cause
of our similar conditions; she’s a sweet dog.

Dr. Casey: Uh, right. Have there been any physical side effects?

Dr. Rivas: I can't spend too long indoors within the oxygen supplied
rooms without getting deathly sick. I've been forced to become an
outdoors guy. Well, I can go within the rooms without the oxygen
filters.

Dr. Casey: That’s unfortunate.

Dr. Rivas: Eh. At least I have an excuse to spend time with Lucy.

Dr. Casey: Have there been any mental side effects from living in
space, in a completely different environment compared to where you
grew up?

Dr. Rivas: Not that I've noticed.

Dr. Casey: One thing that has been brought to our attention is your
distant attitude when working with any other Foundation personnel.

Dr. Rivas: People go down back to earth not to return for a while—
sometimes ever. It doesn't feel worth my time to invest myself
emotionally. So, maybe there is that. But, my animals make up for it.

Dr. Casey: You don't make friends or get to know your colleagues at
the very least because you don't want to get emotionally attached to
someone you'll never see again?

Dr. Rivas: [chuckles] Right to the point I see. If I'll never see
someone again, why should I befriend them? Why should I waste time
mourning over lost friendships when I could just prevent them
entirely? Sure, I want to make friends, hell, a girlfriend might be
nice, but I'm not going to waste my time. What if I bother them? What
if I trap them on the moon as well? I won't be lonely, but they'll be
trapped from their loved ones.

Dr. Rivas sighs, and begins to gently rock back and forth in his seat.

Dr. Casey: So, it isn't that you lack the desire to make friends or
maintain relationships, it's that you want to avoid being hurt.

Dr. Rivas: That's fair, isn't it?

Dr. Casey: Dr. Rivas, it isn't possible for you to trap anyone else on
the moon. That isn't a discovered effect of SCP-7379.

Dr. Rivas: You can never be too careful.

Dr. Casey: I presume you have family on earth. Don't you miss them?

Dr. Rivas: I did miss them. But it hurt too much to try and hold on.
During the first days of my infection, I tried to gain communication
with them, but it proved too difficult. Too much effort. I was good
friends with Dr. Pearls as well. But, it's unlikely I'll ever see him
again.

Dr. Casey: So you're actively putting in the effort to not miss your loved ones?

Dr. Rivas: I'm not sure if that's how I'd phrase it. Occasionally I'll
get a twinge of pain reminding me of them, and…

Dr. Rivas begins to adjust the folders on the table.

Dr. Rivas: It reminds me that I'll be here forever. Alone. Well,
almost alone. Whenever these feelings overwhelm me, I visit my
animals, hell, maybe I'll sign up to care for a new one. They remind
me that everything is going to be alright.

Dr. Casey: I see. Your stress about living on the moon causes you to
avoid people in hopes of never getting attached because you know
you'll never see them again, and to make up for this, you care for
moon anomalies.

Dr. Rivas: I'd say that's about right. [sighs] I don't want to be
alone forever. So, I try to distract myself from that reality.

<End Log>


Addendum 1: Animal List

Below is a of a portion of the list of the 15 current anomalous
animals lacking SCP classification Dr. Rivas is the head caretaker
for:

A small Peromyscus maniculatus (deer mouse) found on the Plinius
crater of the moon. (Deceased, see Addendum 2)

A Pygoscelis adeliae (adélie penguin) found on Saturn's moon Rhea.

An Ursus Maritimus (Polar Bear) found at Lunar-Site-18. All tests
attempting to weigh the animal have determined that it is massless. A
currently unknown memetic agent is speculated to be the cause of these
results as the animal is affected by Lunar gravity.

A Okapia johnstoni (okapi) that transports to the Sinus Iridum (Bay of
Rainbows) on the moon when frightened. No breathing issues have
occurred.

A Bos taurus (cow) made out of moon rock.


Addendum 2: Death of the Plinius Crater Mouse

On 10/09/1987, the anomalous item classified as the Plinius Crater
Mouse passed away due to natural causes. Dr. Rivas had personally
discovered the mouse and was greatly affected by its passing.

The following is an excerpt from the therapy session Dr. Rivas attended the same week.

Interviewed: Dr. Rivas

Interviewer: Dr. Childs

Foreword:

<Begin Log>

Dr. Childs: Regarding the death of the Plinius Crater Mouse, I've
heard you were very devastated by its passing.

Dr. Rivas: [Sighs] Silvia… yeah. I should have known. She was just a
mouse when it came down to what God decided.

Dr. Childs: This is why we look for emotional strength in all of our
employees. I'm sorry for your loss, but luckily you have many other
anomalies that will be there for you in its absence.

Dr. Rivas: Yeah, I guess. I just… it's not fair. I've lost everyone.

Dr. Childs: Lost everyone? Please expand.

Dr. Rivas: [speech quickens] I coulda got my anomaly leaked, and all I
was doing was testing Lucy. I can't see 7077 anymore cause I was
deemed too attached, and now Silvia dies— and due to old age! There is
nothing I could have done differently to stop this.

Dr. Rivas sighs. He puts his face in his hands and proceeds to run his
hands through his hair.

Dr. Rivas: Even the ones who can't leave the moon still leave me.

Dr. Childs: I'…m very sorry.

Dr. Rivas: I should have been able to stop this. Would… Silvia be mad at me?

Dr. Rivas taps the table with his thumb and forefinger in a series of two five times.

Dr. Childs: Dr. Rivas, relax. Take a deep breath. You're going to be alright.

Dr. Rivas: It doesn't feel like it. The amount of people— animals
there for me is slowly dwindling. They all have typical lifespans. I
can see it now. "Axel, why didn't you save us? I thought we were going
to be best friends forever! This doesn't look like forever…"

Dr. Childs: I'm sure "Silvia" isn't mad at you. It was her time.

Dr. Rivas begins to rock back and forth.

Dr. Rivas: We'll never know. And that's the worst part.

Dr. Rivas lays his head on the table.

Dr. Rivas: It's in times like these I question if things will ever be alright.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: Dr. Childs contacted other specialists who have had
sessions with Dr. Rivas in the past and discussed the symptoms he
noted. Upon the end of the discussion, the group came to the
conclusion that Dr. Rivas could possibly be suffering from
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder. Dr. Rivas has been scheduled to meet
with Dr. Sheridan on 11/01/1987 regarding his symptoms.

 



