                                    SCP-3984                                    
                                    ========                                    

                           Poking Death with a Stick                            
                           -------------------------                            

Item #: SCP-3984 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3984 revolves around inducing 
death in affected animals. As this is not currently possible, SCP-3984 can be 
considered uncontained. Research efforts must be directed into the development 
of alternative methods of inducing death. 

Research into reversing the effects of ΩK, or its origin, is prohibited. 

Prohibited? That doesn’t make sense. Why would the Foundation want to actively 
restrict research? 

It must have been Young who enforced this rule. But why? 

Description: SCP-3984 refers to a phenomenon in which any living organisms in 
the kingdom Animalia under Cavalier-Smith taxonomy1, including humans, are 
unable to die. 

Currently, all known lifeforms in the kingdom Animalia are under the effects of 
SCP-3984. This satisfies the criterion for an ΩK-class "End of Death" scenario. 

The source or origin of the prevalence of SCP-3984 as such is referred to as 
"ΩK". The exact nature of ΩK is currently under debate. This document pertains 
only to SCP-3984 and its effects, not its origin. 

ΩK occurred on 2020-09-12 at approximately 14:02 GMT, a time which has been 
derived from the last globally recorded human death. Since that time, SCP-3984 
has been present in every living creature thus tested. As a result, mortality 
rates have dropped to zero. 

SCP-3984 appears to only extend to the ability to die. SCP-3984 does not grant a 
healing effect, does not prevent aging, does not prevent conception or 
pregnancy, and does not prevent subjects from sustaining injury. 

In the long term, SCP-3984 presents a major threat to societal structure as the 
population is expected to expand exponentially. Current models estimate that 
overpopulation would begin to lead to excessive scarcity to the point of 
widespread starvation in the early 2040s. Additionally, while population growth 
is a considerable concern for humans in the long term, a much larger short-term 
concern is presented by animals with r-selected evolutionary strategies2. 

Worldwide efforts should be focused on generating sufficient resources for the 
planet to be able to cope with the increased population. Talks with governments 
around the world to determine strategies for managing population growth, for 
both humans and animals, is underway. Foundation efforts should be focused on 
the development of alternative and/or artificial solutions to replace death. 

The extent to which SCP-3984 constitutes 'conventional' immortality3 is the 
subject of ongoing research, which is led by Dr. Young as per request. 
Experimental logs and a theory on the mechanism of SCP-3984 is presented below. 


Experiment Log 01 

Date: 2020-09-14 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-1190 

Procedure: D-1190 was asphyxiated by manual strangulation from D-9981. 

Results: D-1190 struggled initially but stopped resisting after several minutes 
of strangulation. D-9981 was told to maintain grip for a further ten minutes. 
D-1190 recovered shortly afterwards with no lasting damage. 


Experiment Log 02 

Date: 2020-09-14 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-6812 

Procedure: D-6812 was asphyxiated by D-9981 tying a belt around his neck. 

Results: D-6812 initially resisted asphyxiation despite instructions otherwise, 
but stopped after several minutes of strangulation. D-9981 was told to keep the 
belt in position for a further ten minutes. D-6812 recovered with mild but 
permanent damage to several muscular ligaments in his neck. 

D-6812 was admitted to the Site-06 medical ward but did not make any further 
recovery. 


Experiment Log 03 

Date: 2020-09-15 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-1190 

Procedure: D-1190 was placed in a vacuum-sealed chamber from which the air was 
ventilated. 

Results: D-1190 began to asphyxiate several minutes into the test, visibly 
struggling for air, and collapsed against the wall of the chamber after less 
than a minute, remaining conscious. Subject was left overnight, after which air 
was released back into the chamber. D-1190 was admitted to the Site-06 medical 
ward with acute cerebral hypoxia and burst blood vessels in the eyes. Subject 
physically recovered within three days but remained in a vegetative state for 
several weeks. Upon awakening, D-1190 displayed symptoms of permanently-impaired 
motor and speech skills as well as widespread paralysis. 

2020-11-02: One month after waking up, D-1190 has not shown any signs of further 
recovery. It appears that the anomalous nature of the healing effect extends 
only to fatal injuries or ailments. D-1190 remains effectively useless as 
D-Class. Under usual circumstances, I’d recommend termination. - Dr. Emily 
Young 


Experiment Log 04 

Date: 2020-09-17 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-8833 

Procedure: D-8833 had cuts made on her wrists and ankles and over the course of 
6 hours was drained of an estimated 80% of her blood. Removed blood was retained 
and re-introduced to the body the following day via intravenous drip. 

Results: In much the same manner as the previous experiment, D-8833 was 
successfully 'resurrected' but has suffered injuries consistent with prolonged 
loss of oxygen to the brain. In this instance, symptoms included loss of 
sensation in the left half of the body and loss of understanding of any subject 
more complex than naming animals. Note that D-8833 remained conscious despite 
not having a significant volume of blood. 

The logs continue in much the same fashion, with some unfortunate D-Class being 
exposed to something that would normally kill them. Poison, starvation, 
explosion, whatever. You scroll down, looking for one in particular. The old 
scrollwheel clicks loudly, twenty times with each movement of your finger, a 
series of loud clicks that echo through the silence of the library. You stop at 
Experiment 10. 


Experiment Log 10 

Date: 2020-10-11 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-11424 

Procedure: D-11424 was decapitated with a steel-bladed guillotine. 

Results: Head was cleanly removed. D-11424 remained conscious during and after 
the operation. Efforts were made to breathe, which failed, and D-11424 began to 
show signs of suffocation and significant blood loss. Although D-11424 was 
admitted to the Site-06 medical ward, the injury was deemed "irreparable". Both 
head and body were placed into cold storage. 

You smile, lifting your hand to touch the raised scar that forms a ring around 
your neck and the tiny bumps from age-old stitches. Irreparable. 

You keep scrolling. 


Experiment Log 20 

Date: 2025-11-05 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young 

Subject: D-10273 

Procedure: One round from a standard-issue security handgun was fired into the 
forehead of D-10273 by Dr. Young. 

Results: Subject sustained major head injury and was admitted to Site-06 medical 
ward with severe brain damage and blood loss. 

2025-12-28: After almost two months under medical care, D-10273 has made a full 
recovery, albeit with major memory loss of both recent and earlier history. 
Subject remembers basic skills such as how to eat and speak but does not recall 
any personal details. 


Experiment Log 21 

Date: 2025-12-31 

Experimenter: Dr. Emily Young (stand-in: Dr. Joyce Michaels) 

Subject: Dr. Emily Young 

Procedure: Dr. Young self-administered a single bullet to the head from a 
security handgun in much the same manner as the previous test. 

Results: Subject sustained major head injury and was admitted to Site-06 medical 
ward. Bullet had pierced the temporal lobe, frontal lobe and brainstem, the 
latter of which appears to have disconnected Dr. Young's brain from her body. 
She is unable to communicate or perform any motor functions. 

Note: As Dr. Young is incapable of performing further research, she has been 
removed from the SCP-3984 research team. She will undergo a psychological review 
pending on her recovery. In the meantime, I will be assuming control of 
research. - Dr. Joyce Michaels 

Note: Dr. Young has neglected to maintain a log of specific research intentions 
for each experiment. Despite this, we have been able to narrow down the source 
of the immortality to the brain. Subsequent experiments should focus on this — 
we can consider the rest of the body to be mortal. - Dr. Michaels 

Michaels isn't wrong. You’ve seen someone in a car crash, their body mangled 
beyond recognition, limbs in places they shouldn’t be and blood everywhere 
that they should, but that should-be corpse still found the energy to call for 
help, to scream in pain. You don’t imagine they ever stopped. 

You remember meeting Young last year. She hasn't changed much since this 
experiment. You couldn't tell whether or not she was happy to see you. 


Experiment Log 22 

Date: 2026-02-02 

Experimenter: Dr. Joyce Michaels 

Subject: D-373A, a male Macaca mulatta or Rhesus macaque 

Purpose: To confirm or deny the above assumption. 

Procedure: D-373A was given a standard lethal injection dose4. 

Results: Primary injection was unable to cause D-373A to become unconscious; 
however its vocalisations became slower and panic-like symptoms were noted. 
Secondary injection saw widespread muscular relaxation and induced breathing 
difficulty. Tertiary injection quickly induced cardiac arrest, through which 
D-373A remained conscious and visibly panicked throughout despite severe 
muscular relaxation. 

After 12 hours, when the administered drugs were declared to be no longer 
actively causing symptoms in the subject, D-373A was admitted to the Site-06 
medical ward with acute cerebral hypoxia from the lack of blood flow. Note that 
D-373A remained conscious throughout the experiment. 

2026-02-25: With medical attention from Site-06, D-373A has made a full recovery 
with no permanent side effects. 

Note: It is interesting to observe that sedation was unable to induce 
unconsciousness in the subject. It might be not that the brain is immortal, but 
that it is impossible to cause one to become unconscious. - Dr. Joyce Michaels 


Experiment Log 23 

Date: 2026-02-07 

Experimenter: Dr. Joyce Michaels 

Subject: D-374A, a female Macaca mulatta or Rhesus macaque 

Purpose: To confirm or deny the above assumption: that it is not possible to 
cause the brain to become unconscious. 

Procedure: Over the course of 5 days, D-374A was injected with: 

A mild sedative 

A strong sedative 

A mild local anaesthetic 

A mild general anaesthetic 

Class C amnestics 

Results: D-374A responded positively to the mild sedative (dosage was 
insufficient to cause sleep), local and general anaesthetic and amnestics. 
D-374A had no response to the strong sedative — in fact no effect of the 
sedative was observed, despite the weak sedative showing a positive drowsiness 
response. 

Note: Sedation, at least to the point of unconsciousness, is not an option for 
future experiments. This supports the above assumption. - Dr. Joyce Michaels 


Experiment Log 24 

Date: 2026-02-19 

Experimenter: Dr. Joyce Michaels 

Subject: D-390A, a female Macaca mulatta or Rhesus macaque 

Purpose: To establish if the effects of SCP-3984 hold even when the brain no 
longer conventionally exists. 

Procedure: After being restrained, the skull of D-390A was surgically opened 
from the top down to the neck. Connection to the spinal column was severed and 
the brain was removed. As damage to neurons and other brain cells are not at 
risk, the brain was separated into individual cells through a combination of 
chemical disaggregation and mechanical trituration (with a blender). Individual 
brain cells were then suspended in a saline solution. 

The resulting mixture, referred to as Solution-3984-24, was placed through a 
series of tests to determine its electrical activity. 

Results: Electrical signals persisted throughout the brain cells suspended in 
solution as would be expected for a healthy human brain, leading to the 
conclusion that D-390A affects the individual cells of the brain itself. Despite 
this, it was not possible to determine whether or not D-390A remained 
"conscious", as an MRI scan was inconclusive on account of the not-brain-shaped 
nature of the solution and randomisation of cell locations. Samples of 
Solution-3984-24 are available upon request. 

You've seen enough test logs. None of them contain the information you're 
looking for. You know that at some point there'll be one where they reconnect 
D-11424's severed head, but beyond that, none of them interest you. 

You scroll right down to the bottom of the page. 


Summary of research: Through research orchestrated by Dr. Young and Dr. 
Michaels, overall, SCP-3984 can be characterised by an inability for the brain 
to become unconscious. The current theory proposes that SCP-3984 does not 
represent immortality as such, but rather an inability for the brain to lose 
function. The amount of function is not retained so long as the brain itself 
remains operable (see Experiment 03). 


- LEVEL 5/DAMMERUNG RESTRICTED 

Just as you were thinking that this document clearly isn't going to get into 
whatever caused ΩK, and just as you were about the take out the USB and shut 
down this whole operation, you spot that little notch in the file. That little 
breadcrumb of encryption. Something that needs Level 5 access in order to be 
seen. 

There's more to this document. You knew it right from the start. So you'd been 
looking in the right place all along. It's a link to some other document, called 
Project Dammerung, and it needs Level 5 access. 

If it explains why Young was the lead researcher for this, why she spent so long 
testing on humans without rhyme or reason, why research into ΩK is forbidden… 
then you need to know about it. That will be where the answers are. 

You don't have Level 5 access, though. You're not sure what level access your 
hack is giving you. All you know is that it cost you dearly. 

Still, you do what you can. You flip through your reams of instructions, trying 
line after line, trying to work out how to make the database think you have 
Level 5 access. 

Of course, you can't. It was hard enough to hack into the Foundation database 
alone — to do that, and pretend to be an O5? Impossible. 

You did your research: the closest Site to this library is Site-61, and it's a 
six-hour drive away. But not all of the Sites are found out about so easily. 
Site-03-M is twenty minutes away. This library seemed like the perfect place to 
break into their systems. It was actually one of the worst. 

You're suddenly aware of a light. Is it daytime? You look to the windows. No, 
it's pitch black outside. The moon? No, not tonight. 

The computer screen illuminates your face and you're suddenly keenly, acutely 
aware that you are the most visible object in the room. You hear something 
stirring in the darkness. 

You take the USB drive out of its slot and the document disappears, taking an 
instant longer for its brightness to fade from your eyes. In response, your 
terminals execute commands you programmed earlier, firing a volley of signals in 
a futile attempt to mask your location and then shutting down the system 
altogether. But none of that matters. They're already here. 

No longer blinded by your screen the rest of the library is more visible. There 
are shapes all around you. Soldiers. Clad in black. Guns raised. Pointed at you. 
Six of them — eight, no, twelve — more than you can count. Slowly advancing. 

You drop down and crouch behind the librarian's desk, under the computer 
monitor, with your back pressed against the front wooden panel. A single shot 
rings out, tearing through the silence. You're aware of splinters of wood flying 
as the bullet tears through the desk. Something shoots out of your chest, right 
in the middle. It leaves a gaping red hole behind it. 

The black figures come around the back of the librarian's desk from both sides. 
You can see the whites of their Foundation badges, but the whites of their eyes 
are hidden behind black visors. They converge, closer and closer. 

With them swarming around you, it's now that you wish you could die. 



Footnotes 

1. The kingdom Animalia under Cavalier-Smith taxonomy includes all animals but 
not bacteria, fungi, algae or plants. 

2. Animals living in unstable environments are generally characterised by an 
r-selected evolutionary strategy, which consists of producing many cheap 
offspring of which few are expected to survive. Compare to K-selected 
evolutionary strategy, which consists of producing a single more expensive 
offspring which is expected to survive for the maximum lifespan of its species. 

3. For example, does it prevent aging and injury, is there a healing factor, 
does it simply remove an assailant's ability to kill? 

4. A standard lethal injection dose consists of injections with the following 
substances with 3-minute gaps between injections: 

5g sodium thiopental (to induce unconsciousness) 

100mg pancuronium bromide (to stop breathing) 

3.9g potassium chloride (to stop the heart) 


