                                    SCP-3095                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                Bird is the Word                                
                                ----------------                                

Item #: SCP-3095

Object Class: Avian

Containment Class: Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures: GoI-301 has been dissolved and all instances of 
SCP-3095-1 have been terminated. Therefore, SCP-3095 is believed to be 
neutralized. The following containment procedures are kept for archival purposes 
only. 

Instances of SCP-3095-1 are to be contained in Aviary 19, which is located in 
Site-48. Due to the dangers of SCP-3095-1 instances collaborating with each 
other, only five may be housed in the same containment unit at any one time. 
Field termination is authorized for when Aviary 19 has reached maximum capacity. 

Civilizations created by SCP-3095-1 instances are to be monitored by MTF Eta-1 
("Birdbrains"). Should a civilization reach a point where it poses a threat to 
the Foundation and/or the veil, MTF Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") is authorized to 
destroy it. 

GoI-301 is to be dissolved as soon as possible. Known members of GoI-301 are to 
be apprehended, then interrogated and given appropriate amnestics. Nu-7 is to be 
deployed in order to destroy known meeting sites of GoI-301. PoI-301-K, the 
current president of GoI-301, is to be located and assassinated. 

Description: SCP-3095 is the designation given to a recurring phenomenon 
affecting members of the Aves class, also known as birds. Specimens affected by 
SCP-3095, designated SCP-3095-1, will acquire a certain degree of sapience. 
SCP-3095-1 have varying personalities and levels of intelligence, though many 
common characteristics are noted. 

SCP-3095 grants SCP-3095-1 instances proficiency in a certain area. These range 
from those as mundane as culinary, carpentry or construction skills, to talent 
in the areas of physics, biology, economics, linguistics, politics and other 
areas of academia. All SCP-3095-1 instances are fluent in a language consisting 
of chirps, screeches and appendage movements, though differences in dialects 
between species has been observed. A written form of this language exists, 
though not all instances of SCP-3095-1 are literate. 

Although lone SCP-3095-1 instances have been regularly encountered, SCP-3095-1 
instances tend to form civilizations. These civilizations are often grouped by 
species. For example, an SCP-3095-1 civilization may consist of robins, with 
very few other specimens present. The populations of these civilizations vary 
wildly. It is known that a village consisting of 14 pelicans exists in a single 
village in Southern Africa, while the largest known civilization had a 
population estimated in the millions across multiple large cities. 

In the case of these large civilizations, they pose a threat to the Foundation 
(see Addendum 3095-3). 

SCP-3095 has been linked to anomalous rituals undergone by GoI-301 
("Avianolyte"). GoI-301 is dedicated to the worship of members of the Aves 
class. Traces of GoI-301 have been dated as far back as 1000 B.C.E. It is 
believed that GoI-301 and SCP-3095-1 worship a common deity (see Addendum 
3095-1). GoI-301 currently poses a Class II threat. GoI-301 has been dissolved 
following the implementation of Proposal Insigna (see Addendum 3095-4). 

SCP-3095-1 were first discovered in New York City, after an organized group made 
up of pigeons attempted to claim the Statue of Liberty for themselves. They were 
quickly neutralized by Global Occult Coalition forces. This phenomenon was 
originally classified as a subdesignation of SCP-659. It was determined that 
SCP-3095 existed following the development of three more civilizations in [DATA 
REDACTED], as well as encounters with lone instances of SCP-3095-1. GoI-301 was 
originally associated with SCP-765, and it was not until 2001 that SCP-3095 was 
linked to GoI-301. 


Addendum 3095-1: Interview Log

Interviewer: Researcher C████ Calvin

Interviewee: Duffalan

Foreword: Duffalan was an SCP-3095-1 instance acting as the official ambassador 
of the Kindgom of the First Oak, located in ██████, Canada. This 
interview was conducted via writing in English. 

[ BEGIN LOG ]

Researcher Calvin: Hello, Duffalan.

Duffalan: Good day, Calvin.

Researcher Calvin: Before we discuss our trade deal, I'd like to ask some 
questions. Would that be good with you? 

Duffalan: It would be my pleasure.

Researcher Calvin: Alright. First of all, how have you gained your ability to 
think? 

Duffalan: Its a bit hard to answer that. One day, I was runing about, mindless 
as a monkey. The next day, I was not mindless. I guess I could attribute this 
loss of mindlessness to Medila. 

Researcher Calvin: Could you please tell me who "Medila" is?

Duffalan: The Great Flocktender. Legend sayts that she only gives mind to her 
most true disciples. The others continu to stay mindless. I wouldnot blame you 
for not attributeing your minds to her; you probably have a different 
Flocktender to give you your minds. 

Researcher Calvin: I'm sorry, but we do not have a god like that.

Duffalan: Are you certain? On my journeys, I am certain that I have seen an apes 
lumbering around, mindless. 

Researcher Calvin: I am sure. Are you okay with me asking one more question?

Duffalan: Ask away, mindful friend.

Researcher Calvin: You interact very rarely with other civilizations. Why?

Duffalan: Well, why should I? They have their own affairs, the Kingdom of the 
First Oak has their own affairs. If we would like to trade, we trade. Speaking 
of trading, I have a propasal that will be good for us. 

Researcher Calvin: Tell me.

Duffalan: Our researchers have attributed several mindful theorys about how our 
world works. We will give you a full document of this knowledge, in exchange for 
iron. We have had quite the trouble harvesting it from the lands. 

Researcher Calvin: I will forward this proposal to my supervisor.

Duffalan: Thank you.

[ END LOG ]

Closing Statements: Interviews with other SCP-3095-1 instances have revealed a 
common belief in "Medila". "Medila" also appears in several scriptures 
associated with GoI-301. Classification of "Medila" as a subdesignation of 
SCP-3095 is pending. 

Senior Researcher ████ agreed to exchange █ tonnes of iron for the 
Kingdom of the First Oak's scientific discoveries, in order to analyze the 
culture of SCP-3095-1 instances. These documents revealed an understanding 
similar to the classical "four elements" theory, with some elements of cell and 
atomic theory. A full transcript is available in Document 3095-R0. 


Addendum 3095-2: Known Civilizations

Foreword: The following table contains an abridged list of significant 
civilizations created by SCP-3095-1. A full list can be found in Document 
3095-A7. 

Civilization Types:

Type I: Lowest Level. Very simple or no tools. Hunter-gatherer society. Very 
simple or no hierarchy. 

Type II: Simple tools and shelter. Makes use of agriculture. Simple hierarchy.

Type III: Uses simple machines or some variation. Has at least one school of 
thought or philosophy in some form. Has an effective hierarchy. 

Type IV: Uses complex machines or some variation. Has began to use systematic 
knowledge to store information of the world around them. Has a complex 
hierarchy. 

Type V: Has begun to efficiently produce energy and make use of that energy. Has 
at least basic computational systems. Has a very complex hierarchy or 
subhierarchies. 

Type VI: The current level of humanity as of 07/20/2017.

Name of civilization	

Description	

Civilization Type


The Coup of the Seven	

Little is known about this civilization, as it was neutralized by the
Global Occult Coalition before investigation could be done. The Coup
of the Seven was made up entirely out of pigeons, and was led by a
council of seven. This is the first known civilization created by
SCP-3095-1 instances.

Unknown 


Peli	

Made up entirely out of Pelecanidae, or pelicans. Located on an
unnamed beach on the coast of California. Attempted to assault Site-22
with tribal weapons before being terminated by on-site personnel.
Their village was then destroyed by MTF Beta-20 ("Slapsticks").

Approximately Type II 


The Kingdom of the First Oak	

Made up entirely out of Turdus migratorius, or American robins. Major
population center is located near a 120 year old Oak tree in northern
Canada. Culture is built around a system similar to Confucian
philosophies. This is the first known SCP-3095-1 civilization that
acted in a passive way towards the Foundation, and also the first to
engage in trading with the Foundation.

Type IV 


The Great Arch of the Mallus	

Made up entirely out of Anas platyrhynchos, or Mallard. Centered
around three distinct population centers at the perimeter of the
███████ Lake in North Dakota. Culture is centered around technological
advancement for the purpose of ascending to "Medila". This is the
first known civilization to have more than one major population
center, and the first to have reached Type V civilization status. Due
to the rapid technological advancement of this SCP-3095-1
civilization, SCP-3095 was reclassified as Keter.

Type V 


The Commonwealth of the Mountain	

Made up of several different species of SCP-3095-1. Five major
population centers are scattered across New Mexico. Culture is based
around acceptance of natural values. This is the first known
civilization to include multiple species.

Type III 


The Eighth Hark of the Sands	

[DATA EXPUNGED]	

[DATA EXPUNGED]


The Empire of Scavengers	

Made up entirely out of Nannopsittaca panychlora, or Parrot. Centered
around one major population center in southern Venezuela. Culture and
civilizations was very heavily influenced by SCP-3201. Civilization
was neutralized by Eta-1 following a series of robberies done by
SCP-3095-1 instances in the nearby city of ██████.

Type II 


The Perritree	

Made up entirely out of Phoenicopteridae, or flamingos. Located in a
Colombian forest near Site-40. This civilization has been passive
towards the Foundation, but has requested that it is to be left alone.
Surveilance via Eta-1 is to continue. The Perritree follows an
extremely religious oligarchy with "Medila" at the highest.

Type II See Incident 3095-8 


Update: Following the implementation of Proposal Insigna, all civilizations 
created by SCP-3095-1 have been successfully dissolved. 

Addendum 3095-3: Incident 3095-8

On ██/██/2010, The Perritree, a civilization made up of SCP-3095-1 
instances, launched a large-scale attack on Site-19, Site-170, and Area-██. 
It is of note that, during Incident 3095-8, the Perritree displayed much 
higher-quality technology than what was previously observed, such as modern 
computers, tanks and salted bombs. A far greater population of SCP-3095-1 
instances was also noted during the attack. 

MTF Tau-5 ("Samsara") was deployed to the sites of Incident 3095-8, where they 
joined the forces of on-site personnel in order to resist the attack. [DATA 
REDACTED] authorized the use of SCP-████ in order to destroy The 
Perritree's major population center in Colombia. A large cave system was 
uncovered following the blast, where The Perritree had been developing advanced 
technology for approximately █ years. With this technology, The Perritree had 
secretly become a Level VI civilization. 

The Perritree is known to have frequently interacted with other SCP-3095-1 
civilizations. Therefore, SCP-3095-1 now poses a significant security threat to 
the veil and the Foundation in general. SCP-3095 has been flagged for 
termination as of ██/██/2010. 


Addendum 3095-4: Proposal Insigna

Proposal Insigna involves the weaponized use of an antimeme to erase GoI-301 
from history. An appropriate antimeme (hereafter referred to as AM-12/0-Jacksel) 
has been developed using content derived from SCP-3334-1, and has been proven to 
successfully erase all memories of GoI-301 and its ideals from the human mind. 

AM-12/0-Jacksel will be deployed into the general public, where it will reach 
all 7+ billion people within at least two months. Foundation personnel have been 
exposed to a countermeme that will prevent AM-12/0-Jacksel from affecting them. 
AM-12/0-Jacksel will destroy itself after three months. At this time, GoI-301 
will have been neutralized. 

MTF Nu-7 and MTF Tau-5 will then destroy all SCP-3095-1 civilizations. With 
current resources, this will take approximately seven months before all 
civilizations have been destroyed. Lone SCP-3095-1 instances will expire as part 
of their natural lifespan within 5-10 years. At this point, SCP-3095 will be 
declared neutralized. 

Update: Proposal Insigna has been approved by HCML Supervisor ████ and 
will be put into action on ██/██/2011. 

Proposal Insigna Progress
100% COMPLETE

GoI-301 has been successfully neutralized by AM-12/0-Jacksel

All SCP-3095-1 civilizations have been successfully neutralized by Nu-7 and 
Tau-5 

Lone SCP-3095-1 instance timeout successfully reached

Proposal Insigna has been declared successful. SCP-3095 has been reclassified as 
Neutralized. 



RAISA Automated Notice: While you were reading this document, user ccalvin 
uploaded a newer revision. Would you like to view this revision? (Yes/No) 

Loading newest revision...


Addendum 3095-5: Project Talanos

Good day, authorized personnel. If you are reading this document, you are 
currently working in an environment where Project Talanos has taken effect. If 
so, please reread this document very carefully. 

The key here is that SCP-3095 gives SCP-3095-1 instances various skills. Some 
are lucky enough to get away with proficiencies in useful subjects. Calculus, 
geometry, biology, physics. Some are average. A select few are as advanced as 
our best doctors. 

There was one SCP-3095-1 civilization, the Eighth Hark of the Sands. They were 
made up entirely of seagulls. For some reason, they had a high number of these 
"proficients". We had just begun research into the correlation of SCP-3095-1 
species and the proficiencies that they received before Incident 3095-8 happened 
and we had to implement Proposal Insigna. But we decided to save one 
civilization: the Eighth Hark. 

In these changing days, we need every resource we can get. More anomalies, more 
research, and especially more personnel. When it comes to personnel, I honestly 
don't care what species they're from. 

Yes, your new colleague is a seagull. The world is a weird place. Welcome to the 
Foundation. 

- Researcher Calvin

