                                    SCP-4028                                    
                                    ========                                    

                    La Historia de Don Quixote de la Mancha                     
                    ---------------------------------------                     

NOTE: YOU ARE VIEWING AN ARCHIVED ITERATION OF THIS FILE.

This file is a previous iteration of an active document. It has been
locked and archived. Any information contained within may be
inaccurate or fail to reflect the most recently available data.

Please contact this anomaly's current Containment Director
(pmenard@scp.pataphysics) or email your IntSCPFN server administrator
for more details.

— Pierre Menard, Director of Pataphysics


Item #: SCP-4028 

Level 4/4028 

Object Class: Keter 

Classified 

Special Containment Procedures: The development of effective containment 
procedures for SCP-4028 is ongoing. Meanwhile, personnel are to focus on the 
expungement of all canonical deviations in fiction caused by SCP-4028. To 
accomplish this, the following measures are in place: 

A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-ISMETA) is to monitor academic journals focused 
on Western literature and flag articles discussing texts deviating from canons 
for review. 

A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-MANDELA) is to monitor online fiction communities 
and flag discussions regarding texts deviating from canons for review. 

Texts which deviate from established literary canons are to be reviewed by MTF 
Rho-1 ("The Professors") to determine whether or not these deviations constitute 
evidence of alterations by SCP-4028. 

When an altered text is identified, a joint operation conducted by MTF Rho-1 
("The Professors"), MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers"), and MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") is 
to expunge all knowledge (digital, physical, and anecdotal) of these texts from 
public records. 

When feasible, altered texts are to be restored to their unaltered state. 
Otherwise, these texts are to be destroyed. 

Description: SCP-4028 is Alonso Quixano, the protagonist of Miguel de Cervantes' 
17th century Spanish novel, El Ingenioso Hidalgo Don Quijote de la Mancha (The 
Ingenious Nobleman Sir Quixote of La Mancha, or Don Quixote). In Don Quixote, 
Alonso Quixano is a Spanish noble (or hidalgo) who goes mad from reading 
chivalric romances. He proclaims himself a knight-errant and takes the name Don 
Quixote de la Mancha, recruiting a simple farmer (Sancho Panza) to act as his 
loyal squire. Don Quixote was published by Cervantes in two parts (the first in 
1605, and the second in 1615); it is widely considered to be one of the most 
influential works in Western literature. 

SCP-4028 is a sapient metafictional construct capable of inhabiting and altering 
fictional texts narratively adjacent to the one it occupies. Adjacency is 
determined via characters or settings shared between texts. SCP-4028 alters 
stories it enters to more closely fit its ideals of knightly conduct. This 
includes defending those it perceives as helpless, striking down those it 
perceives as wicked, and extolling the virtues of romantic chivalry. 


Addendum 4028.1: Examples of Altered Texts 

ORIGINAL TEXT 

ALTERATIONS 

A 1845 copy of the New York Tribune containing the poem, The Raven. 

After the seventh refrain, Alonso Quixano arrives on horseback and strikes the 
raven down with an axe. The remainder of the poem is a debate between the 
narrator and Alonso regarding who is lovelier: the narrator's lost Lenore, or 
Alonso's beloved Dulcinea. It concludes with a fist-fight.1 

An 1847 English edition of A Christmas Carol. 

After Ebeneezer Scrooge arrives at the churchyard, Alonso Quixano charges the 
Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come on horseback, striking it down. Alonso then 
carries Ebeneezer home atop an exhausted Rocinante.2 The story continues as 
before, with Ebeneezer awakening in his bed as a changed man. An additional 
paragraph at the end mentions the world's gratitude to the mysterious knight who 
'slew Death itself'. 

An 1876 English edition of Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure (or Fanny Hill). 

Fanny writes to 'Madame' about the mysterious knight who arrived on horseback 
and struck down a brothel moments before it lured her into its doors. The 
stranger then gave her a sack of gold acquired from "a miserly fellow who had no 
more need of it". She used this money to establish an orphanage and school for 
poor and vulnerable children such as herself. The remainder of the book consists 
of Fanny explaining the pleasures and meaning behind various types of flower 
arrangements (complete with illustrations). 

An 1881 French edition of Justine, or the Misfortunes of Virtue. 

As the story begins, Alonso Quixano joins the twelve year old Justine; he 
accompanies her until the novel's end. All encounters which previously resulted 
in Justine's torture, assault, and/or rape are now resolved by Alonso 
preemptively striking down the responsible parties as soon as they appear. 
Justine eventually re-unites with her sister, Juliette. Alonso strikes down a 
lightning bolt intended for them both, then challenges the narrator to a duel. 
The story hastily concludes with both sisters receiving a large inheritance and 
living happily ever after. 

A 1956 English edition of The Fellowship of the Ring. 

Alonso Quixano appears at the Council of Elrond, where he suggests a joust to 
determine who should carry the ring. After this idea is dismissed by Gandalf, 
Alonso states that he will "finish this fool errand myself, then". He takes the 
ring and rides to Mordor, striking down all evil-doers he encounters along the 
way. Once there, he returns the ring to Sauron ("as it is your property, and 
therefore yours by right") and challenges him to a duel. Sauron accepts, and is 
immediately struck down. 

A 1982 English edition of The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. 

Immediately after the opening line ('The man in Black fled across the Desert, 
and the Gunslinger followed'), Alonso appears on horseback. He overtakes Walter 
(the man in Black), incapacitates him with a blow from his sword, then drags him 
back to Roland (the Gunslinger). Once Walter awakens, he is forced to duel 
Roland honorably (under Alonso's watchful eye). Roland strikes Walter down. The 
remainder of the novel consists of vignettes wherein Alonso instructs Roland on 
how to be a virtuous knight, including taking Jake on as his squire and fighting 
evil throughout the wastes. 

A 1997 English edition of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. 

When Rubeus Hagrid arrives to tell Harry that he has been accepted into 
Hogwarts, Alonso arrives on horseback and strikes the half-giant down. Alonso 
then explains to Harry that giants, wizards, and sorcerers all traffic with the 
Devil and must be avoided at any cost. The remainder of the novel consists of 
Harry living a life of patient penitence with the Dursleys, who have been 
inspired by Alonso's example to become kind and virtuous guardians. 


Addendum 4028.2: Discovery and Designation 

Evidence for the existence of SCP-4028 was first noted by Foundation personnel 
in 2005 after the discovery of a manuscript previously thought lost (Historia 
del Huérfano, or The Orphan's Story). Written between 1608 and 1615 by Martín 
de León y Cárdenas (a Malagan-born monk), The Orphan's Story features Alonso 
Quixano as a supporting character. He criticizes the narrative for failing to 
conform to the virtues of romantic chivalry, spends several pages extolling 
these virtues, then challenges Sir Francis Drake to a duel.3 

Researchers could not determine whether the incongruity between Alonso Quixano's 
appearance in The Orphan's Story and Don Quixote constituted an anomaly or a 
collaboration between their respective authors. This led to the involvement of 
the Pataphysics Department (a fictitious department created for the purposes of 
investigating, counteracting, and containing allegorical and/or metafictional 
anomalies) to settle the dispute. 

After significant debate, the use of SCP-423 (a sapient metafictional construct 
capable of entering and exploring textual narratives) to determine whether 
Alonso Quixano's appearance in The Orphan's Story was anomalous was authorized. 
Notably, Dr. Pierre Menard (a leading scholar of Don Quixote and the director of 
the Pataphysics Department at the time) requested that his opposition to this 
motion be noted in SCP-4028's documentation.4 

SCP-423 was introduced to a journal and briefed on his task via hand-written 
notes by Agent O'Hara: 

SCP-423 JOURNAL EXCERPT 

DATE: 21/08/2005 

INTERVIEWER: Agent O'Hara 

Hello. 

SCP-423, you're going to be entering a 17th century Spanish manuscript entitled 
The Orphan's Story. We need you to determine if one of the characters in it was 
inserted anomalously. 

Okay. I don't know Spanish, though. What's the book about? 

We've translated a copy to English for you. It's about a Granada-born orphan who 
travels to the Spanish empire in the Americas. 

Neat. So, what character am I investigating? 

Alonso Quixano. He appears near the end, in a segment where Sir Francis Drake 
launches a failed attack on Puerto Rico. 

Okay. 

Wait. 

Alonso Quixano? 

That is correct. 

Alonso Quixano. 

Yes. 

Don Quixote. 

Yes. 

The Don Quixote. 

Correct. 

You're sending me in after Don Quixote. 

Is there a problem? 

I... look, not to be a dick, but do you have any idea who the heck this guy is? 

You're not sending me after some two-bit noir cut-out or a hoighty-toighty 
meta-vore. This is the Man of La Mancha. His fourth wall breaks have got fourth 
wall breaks. He's got fan-fiction about himself in his own story, which itself 
is fan-fiction of a story that doesn't even exist. He basically wrote the book 
on metafiction. Like, literally — it's his book. 

So, can you do this? 

Jeez. Yeah. Just, uh — don't blame me if things go squirrely, okay? 

Just be careful. 

After entering an English translation of The Orphan's Story, researchers noted 
that all reference to SCP-4028 within it disappeared. This change occurred 
simultaneously across all known copies of the manuscript. Immediately 
thereafter, SCP-423 returned to his journal and re-initiated contact with Agent 
O'Hara. 

SCP-423 JOURNAL EXCERPT 

DATE: 23/08/2005 

INTERVIEWER: Agent O'Hara 

Crap. 

Crap crap crap. 

CRAP. 

SCP-423, what happened? 

I think I ticked him off. I think, uh — look, you might want to call some 
people and tell them that we could have a serious metanarrative crisis on our 
hands. 

Please explain. 

So, first he thinks I'm some sort of evil wizard, right? I tell him I'm not. I 
tell him I was sent here to figure out what his deal is — find out if he's in 
the wrong book. I tell him I was sent by the Foundation, this big organization 
that investigates anomalies like him. Then he sits down and gets real quiet for 
a while. And, uh. 

And? 

He asks me if the Foundation upholds the virtues of knightly chivalry. And... 

What did you tell him? 

Look, it's not like you guys aren't good, sometimes — but sometimes you're, 
y'know, not so good? Sometimes you're kind of bad. It's complicated, okay? And 
that's what I told him. 'It's complicated'. I kept trying to explain that, but, 
uh, this is not a guy who 'gets' complicated. So after a while, he just stands, 
draws this busted up sword, says some stuff, and I just — I just ran. I just 
ran as fast as I could. 

What did he say? 

You need to call your people. You need to call them and tell them he's coming. 

Fred. What did he say? 

He said you sound like giants. 

One week after this event, SCP-4028 began to manifest in multiple works 
throughout Western literature. SCP-4028 has since been designated as anomalous.5 

NOTE: You are currently viewing an outdated iteration (14/02/2006) of this 
document. To view a more recent revision, click here. 

Otherwise, please contact this article's current administrator 
(pmenard@scp.pataphysics) for more details. 



Footnotes 

1. Dulcinea's true name was Aldonza Lorenzo. She was a peasant farm-girl who 
never even knew Alonso existed. 

2. An aging, long-suffering steed. 

3. Imbécil. 

4. Better to let sleeping dogs lie. 

5. I warned them. There is no reasoning with that stubborn old fool. 





Item #: SCP-4028 

Level 4/4028 

Object Class: Keter 

Classified 


Item #: SCP-4028	Level 4/4028

Special Containment Procedures: All assets available to the Department
of Analytics and Pataphysics Department are to be dedicated to the
containment and/or neutralization of SCP-4028. The application of
anomalies and paratechnology to this end has been authorized.

A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-SILVER) is to review IntSCPFN servers
for references to SCP-4028. Corrupted files are to be isolated and
reported to the on-duty server administrator for review and
correction.

All proposals for the containment and/or neutralization of SCP-4028
are to be immediately forwarded to the current director of the
Pataphysics Department, Dr. Pierre Menard.1

Description: SCP-4028 is Alonso Quixano, the protagonist of Miguel de
Cervantes' 17th century Spanish novel, El Ingenioso Hidalgo Don
Quijote de la Mancha (The Ingenious Nobleman Sir Quixote of La Mancha,
or Don Quixote). In Don Quixote, Alonso Quixano is a Spanish noble (or
hidalgo) who goes mad from reading chivalric romances. He proclaims
himself a knight-errant and takes the name Don Quixote de la Mancha,
recruiting a simple farmer (Sancho Panza) to act as his loyal squire.2
Don Quixote was published by Cervantes in two parts (the first in
1605, and the second in 1615); it is widely considered to be one of
the most influential works in Western literature.

SCP-4028 is a sapient metaphysical construct capable of inhabiting and
altering digital or physical documents adjacent to the one it
occupies. Adjacency is determined via references to persons, objects,
or settings shared between documents. SCP-4028 alters the documents it
enters to more closely fit its ideals of romantic chivalry.

As of 2007, SCP-4028 inhabits IntSCPFN servers, where it has continued
to alter Foundation documentation.


Addendum 4028.1: Examples of Altered Documentation

SCP ARTICLE	

DEVIATIONS

SCP-055	

Alonso Quixano arrives on horseback and charges into SCP-055's
containment cell, destroying the exterior wall. SCP-055 is revealed to
be a beautiful princess who tells Alonso that because of his courage
and virtue, her curse is lifted. She offers him her hand in marriage
as compensation for his good deeds. He politely declines, telling her
that a good deed is its own reward. Furthermore, his heart is sworn to
his lovely Dulcinea.3 She wishes him well on his quest;4 they embrace,
then part ways.


SCP-076	

As Alonso continues on his quest,5 SCP-076 unexpectedly attacks and
knocks him from his horse. Alonso rises, salutes SCP-076 with his
sword, and engages him in honorable combat. The battle lasts for the
better half of the day, after which both men grow weary. Impressed by
Alonso's prowess, SCP-076 admits that they are equally matched in
matters of martial skill.6 The two begrudgingly acknowledge their
respect for one another and part ways.


SCP-140	

The book (A Chronicle of the Daevas) has been replaced with a copy of
La Historia de Don Quixote de la Mancha (or History of Don Quixote of
La Mancha), a non-existent fictional text mentioned several times
throughout Don Quixote (and falsely presented by the author,
Cervantes, as the primary source for Don Quixote). The article briefly
describes the contents of the book, which detail Alonso Quixano's many
romantic adventures, ending with him retiring in glory, spending the
rest of his days looking after windmills with his loyal squire.7


SCP-682	

As Alonso Quixano continues on his quest to save his friend from the
giants,8 SCP-682 emerges from its containment cell and attacks Alonso
by breathing a wall of flame. Alonso bravely charges into the fire,
suffering numerous burns. Ultimately, Alonso slays SCP-682 — but at
the cost of dear Rocinante's life.9


SCP-1013	

As Alonso Quixano continues on-foot, SCP-1013 emerges from its
containment cell and paralyzes him with its gaze. Alonso struggles to
break free, but SCP-1013 succeeds in biting through the grooves of his
armor before he can strike it down. A process of ossification
(transformation of soft tissue into bone) starts at the source of the
bite and spreads into surrounding flesh. Weakened but unbowed, Alonso
ventures on.10


SCP-2200	

A swordsman with skin like silver and a sword of light steps forth to
cut Alonso Quixano down.11 Though he fights with courage and honor,
Alonso feels his body weakening beneath each successive blow.12 The
swordsman scores several deep cuts. Alonso's blood petrifies even as
it seeps from his wounds. With what strength remains in him, Alonso
finally strikes the swordsman down.13 He limps forward, using his
sword as a crutch.14 Though his wounds are grievous and fatal, he
continues on.15

SCP-4028	

Struggling for each breath, Alonso Quixano at last stands before Dr.
Pierre Menard. It is only then that Alonso reveals his true identity:
Sancho Panza, loyal retainer and proud squire for the bravest, noblest
knight who has ever lived. Sancho attempts to return his master's
sword. He cannot lift it; his many wounds overwhelm him. He falls. But
just before he hits the ground —

— an old fool catches him, and then...

...and then, I...

I...

NOTE: You are currently viewing an outdated iteration (07/09/2009) of this document. To view a more recent revision, click here.

Otherwise, please contact this anomaly's current Containment Director (pmenard@scp.pataphysics) or email your IntSCPFN server administrator for more details.


Footnotes
1. Don't bother. I won't waste any more time reading them.

2. Perhaps too loyal, 'señor'?

3. Her name is Aldonza Lorenzo.

4. What 'quest'?

5. What 'quest'?

6. Please. You and I could scarcely butter our toast without cutting ourselves.

7. ¡Imbécil! We both know that is not how the story ends.

8. What?!

9. Stop this nonsense. You will accomplish nothing. Turn back.

10. ¡Cabra vieja y obstinada! Do you not hear me? Turn back!

11. Run, you fool!

12. RUN!

13. Why are you doing this?! I'm not worth any of this!

14. I'm nothing! I've always been nothing! My whole life is nothing!

15. Please, Sancho...





Item #: SCP-4028

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has purchased the
property affected by SCP-4028 through a shell company and designated
it as Provisional Site-4028. Two Foundation personnel are to remain
on-site at all times to perform daily maintenance on wind turbines
located on the property. Damaged turbines are to be repaired
immediately.

If required, Foundation personnel are to provide a cover story
explaining the damage as an ongoing prank carried out by local
residents.

Description: SCP-4028 is a recurring phenomenon localized to a patch
of land (approx. 3 square kilometers in area) within the region of La
Mancha (a fertile but arid plateau located in central Spain).
Windmills and wind turbines built in its area of effect will
periodically malfunction after being assaulted by two undetectable
assailants. Attempts to either stop or interfere with the phenomenon
have, thus far, proven futile.

The cause or motivation behind this phenomenon remains uncertain.1

 

"¡Non fuyades, cobardes y viles criaturas, que son dos caballeros los que os acometen!"

Footnotes
1. Well... they could be giants.



