                                    SCP-5947                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   SILVERFISH                                   
                                   ----------                                   

Item #: SCP-5947 

Anomaly Class: Euclid Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5947 is currently held in the silver sugar 
bowl it was recovered from. This bowl is housed in Chamber 02 at Site-90 
alongside 88 decoy bowls, identical save for the lack of a hallmark on the base. 
Once monthly, a member of D-Class personnel is to enter Chamber 02 and select 
one of the bowls at random — they will then be instructed to consume its 
contents, and staff are permitted to use physical force to ensure they comply. 
In the event that they selected a bowl not containing SCP-5947, they are to be 
terminated immediately and their body interred beneath Chamber 02. In the event 
that they select and consume SCP-5947, they are to be escorted from the chamber 
and assigned to Project Irides1 once SCP-5947 has passed through their digestive 
system. 

The discovery of a cadaver visually matching William Hazen Rogers outside of 
Site-90 constitutes a containment breach. MTF Alpha-Kaunan ("Argent Devotees") 
should be dispatched to recover the body, as well as any silverware within an 80 
metre radius. This silver is to be melted down and re-cast into decoy bowls, to 
be filled with non-anomalous sugar and added to Chamber 02. The cadaver is to be 
interred beneath the chamber alongside the others. 

Description: SCP-5947 is the designation for a collection of dried anchovies, 
one of which (SCP-5947-1) is indestructible. Twice per day, at midnight and 
noon, SCP-5947-1 will split into two identical dried anchovies. 


Addendum: On the order of Director Smith, all personnel assigned to 
CANUAR-Site-90 have been integrated into Project Irides. Anomalous objects 
extraneous to Project Irides have been decommissioned. 

END OF FILE


Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!


Re:SUBJECT

NEW MESSAGE!

To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Site Director Silas Smith; Classification Level XK-4; 
Employee Number 378) 

From: O5_2@Scipnet (Overseer Two; Classification Level OK-5-Thaumiel; Employee 
Number 2) 

Subject: SCP-5947

Dear Director Smith,

As of today, the Council has voted 1-12-0 on the issue of dismantling Project 
Irides. Furthermore, the Council has voted, 12-1-0, to overrule objections from 
the former Site-90 Ethics Committee, ensuring that your project continues 
regardless of their past rulings on the matter. 

It is the majority opinion of the O5 Council that the existence of Project 
Irides has given the Foundation an advantage in dealing with several major 
Groups of Interest, not the least of which being GoIs-004C and -023. By 
dominating the concept of silver, the Foundation has forced them to abandon 
significant holdings and resources, putting us in a better position to negotiate 
with, or combat, such threats. 

On an official basis, I would like to apologize for any inconvenience these 
proceedings have caused you. 

On an unofficial basis, I have nothing to say, except that I'd be impressed if I 
wasn't furious. 

-O5-2



Footnotes

1. For more information, see addendum, or consult supplementary materials 
regarding second sight. 



To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Agent Silas Smith; Classification Level 1/5947;
Employee Number 5994)

From: ARegan2@Scipnet (Site Director Aningan Regan; Classification
4/S90; Employee Number 378)

Subject: Transfer

Mr. Smith,

First: Welcome to CANUAR-Site-90. It's not as glamorous as field work,
but you're less likely to lose another foot. And hey, we have on-site
therapists if you need someone to talk to.

Second: You have been assigned to the SCP-5947 project. It's not much,
but I suppose that's the point. Hopefully I can give you an
environment to recuperate while you work on your doctorate.

Third: I'm sorry. Wish we could've glassed those Mekhanites, but no
use crying over spilt milk.

Godspeed,

-Dr. Aningan Regan, Site Director of CANUAR-Site-90



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY
ADMINISTRATION

You are reading an archived copy of SCP-5947's documentation.
SCP-5947's up-to-date documentation can be found here.

— Ronald Emmerich, Director, RAISA


Item #: SCP-5947 

Anomaly Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5947 is to be stored in a
refrigerated locker in Chamber 02 of Site-90. Each week, containment
personnel are to identify and isolate SCP-5947-1 from the rest of
SCP-5947; remaining instances of SCP-5947 are to be ground into a
slurry and used or disposed of as appropriate.

Description: SCP-5947 is the designation for a collection of dried
anchovies, one of which (SCP-5947-1) is indestructible. Twice per day,
at midnight and noon, all intact instances of SCP-5947 will split into
two identical dried anchovies.

HISTORY

SCP-5947 was acquired in an anomalous item exchange conducted with
GoI-023 ("MC&D Ltd.") under the Burnett Accord. In addition to items
and resources negotiated under the Burnett Accord, PoI-MCD003
("Percival Darke") had included SCP-5947 within a silver sugar plate
as part of his three "contractually-allotted indignities".

As per protocol regarding unexpected gifts from non-partnered Groups
of Interest, SCP-5947 was transferred to CANUAR-Site-90, an isolated
containment site dedicated to countering mundane and anomalous
espionage. Following a round of preliminary testing, SCP-5947's
anomalous properties were successfully identified, and containment
procedures were finalized on 26/05/1967.

END OF FILE


IN ACCORDANCE TO THE BURNETT ACCORD

The following is a receipt of the three contractually-obligated
indignities bestowed upon the SCP Foundation. The contents of this
receipt, with regards to the text, are not legally binding and cannot
be used in further negotiations or legalistic thaumaturgical rituals.

The items are as follows, as well as justifications for such indignities:

One (1) obligation to document this receipt in your official database.
Such an indignity is intended as backlash against the heavy doctoring
of associated documentation for anomalous objects transferred to
Marshall Carter & Darke's possession.

One (1) heirloom sugar bowl, to be used only to contain the third
indignity. Such an indignity is intended to demonstrate the ease with
which Marshall Carter & Darke can deploy its wealth against the SCP
Foundation.

One (1) invulnerable anchovy, to replicate into a series of mundane
anchovies at the peak and trough of the sun. Such an obligation is
intended as a personal insult to you, specifically, Dr. Rochefort, a
mockery engineered solely to make your work the tiniest bit harder. I
know you don't like anchovies; not many people do. Find a use for it
sooner rather than later.


ON THE WEAPONIZATION OF PSYCHOCONCEPTUAL HUMILIATION

by Dr. Silas Smith

Abstract:

This study examined the usage of reverse-engineered beryllium-bronze
containment devices (such as those employed by GoI-3088 ("Church of
the Second Hytoth") and SoI-004 ("The Imit")) to weaponize both
abstract concepts and ideas grounded to physical objects. Over a two
year period (December 8th, 1997-December 6th, 1999), such devices were
attuned to the concept of a series of 12 cm by 2.8 cm oak blocks
painted with the logo of subordinate Group of Interest GoI-952's
("Olney Ironworks") logo.

Using three groups of 1000 blocks (painted blocks, blocks that would
not be painted, and blocks which would be painted after a period of a
year), the Foundation would employ each on a monthly rotation as foci
for experimental psychoconceptual channeling units. Additionally,
every fourth month would see the activation of the channeling units
without the use of foci. Agents embedded into GoI-952 would examine
trends in gross income and workplace safety…


NOTICE: UNIDENTIFIED FIGURE APPROACHING CANUAR-SITE-90

Director Smith,

This is an automated message to inform you that an unidentified figure
has been spotted less than five kilometers from Site-90's security
perimeter. Visual scans suggest 29% probability of a containment
breach. Please stand by.


To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Dr. Silas Smith; Classification Level 2/5947; 
Employee Number 5994)

From: ARegan2@Scipnet (Site Director Aningan Regan; Classification 
4/S90; Employee Number 378)

Subject: Congratulations, and a heart-to-heart

Dr. Smith,

Congratulations on receiving your doctorate. I'm… skeptical regarding
the applications of such a thesis, especially how it pertains to
Site-90.

Are you feeling alright? It's normal for graduate studies to take a
toll on your well-being, but last I saw you, you were unusually…
stiff, is the only word that comes to mind. Take a breather: you're
done. Worry about some self-replicating pizza toppings for the time
being.

-Dr. Aningan Regan, Site Director of CANUAR-Site-90


To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Dr. Silas Smith; Classification Level 2/5947;
Employee Number 5994)

From: ARegan2@Scipnet (Site Director Aningan Regan; Classification
4/S90; Employee Number 378)

Subject: Re: Utilization of SCP-5947

Dr. Smith,

Your request has been received, and summarily denied.

The schematics you have provided are nearly incomprehensible.
Furthermore, the ramifications of such a device's very existence would
outweigh whatever good its functions may bring to the Foundation.

Honestly? I'm worried about you. Most of your free time is spent
tilting this particular windmill. I get it, Silas, but it feels like
you're attempting to hammer a round peg into a square hole. Site-90
isn't Foundation Overwatch; they deal with the spies, we deal with the
cameras.

I apologize for the inconvenience.

-Dr. Aningan Regan, Site Director of CANUAR-Site-90


To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Dr. Silas Smith; Classification Level 2/5947;
Employee Number 5994)

From: ARegan2@Scipnet (Site Director Aningan Regan; Classification
4/S90; Employee Number 378)

Subject: Re:Re:Re: Utilization of SCP-5947

Dr. Smith,

Your request has been received, and summarily denied.

Officially: There is no reason to believe my objections have been
adequately addressed. I cannot in good conscience approve the project
if it's not been meaningfully altered.

Unofficially: You're scaring me, Silas. Stop now, before I'm forced to
lodge a complaint with Overwatch Command.

-Dr. Aningan Regan, Site Director of CANUAR-Site-90


Open regan.avi?


To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Dr. Silas Smith; Classification Level 4/5947;
Employee Number 5994)

From: ARegan2@Scipnet (Site Director Aningan Regan; Classification
4/S90; Employee Number 378)

Subject: Re:[no subject]

I don't know how you got that.

Your request has been approved.

Don't talk to me ever again.


WARNING: PoI-000 SPOTTED NEAR CANUAR-SITE-90

Director Smith,

This is an automated message to inform you that PoI-000 ("Nobody") has
been spotted within Site-90's outer security perimeter. Please stand
by.


With regards to Chamber 02's renovations

So, Dr. Smith, let me get this straight:

You want thirty sugar bowls scattered across the floor. Not welded,
adhered, just scattered.

Furthermore, you want me to include a Smith Channeler Unit scaled
large enough to embed itself into Chamber 02's walls, while retaining
the size of the focus (which will remain buried in the concrete).

You want me to hollow out the area above and beneath Chamber 02.

We can do that, sure. It's gonna screw the budget, but we can
definitely do all of that once our BB shipments resolve. I just need
to make sure I read your letter correctly; I mean no offense, but
handwriting can get lost in translation, and I need to know if you
meant all of this.

Side note: you alright? You looked very pale and jittery last I saw
you, and I haven't gotten an email from you since your doctorate. Did
something change with SCP-5947?

Jared Morello, Maintenance Director


With regards to Chamber 02's renovations

Well, Irides ran out of space, money, and Director Regan's patience.

After some prep work, it's been found that your realization of Irides
is gonna intrude on URA-3721. Moreover, the other researchers aren't
too fond of what we already have; it's doing something to the morale,
more than just the fact that it makes construction noises even on
off-hours.

And again: are you alright? This is all you're talking about.
Sometimes it feels like you're an intermediary between me and Irides.
I can't even ping your Scipnet account; what's happening?

SCP-5947 is just fish, Dr. Smith. No need to complicate it any
further.

Jared Morello, Maintenance Director


INCIDENT U3721-B REGAN-MORELLO

On 30/08/2002, URA-3721 disappeared from containment, and Dr. Aningan
Regan and Jared Morello failed to clock in at their usual times.
Security audits indicated that neither had left the premises of
CANUAR-Site-90, A search was initiated; however, no evidence of
wrongdoing was uncovered.

On 02/09/2002, maintenance personnel reported a pungent odor from
Chamber 02. Preliminary investigation revealed the presence of
apparent human viscera in the space below Chamber 02, as well as the
shattered remains of URA-3721. Recovery attempts were hindered,
however, by architectural quirks in the recently renovated Chamber 02,
which provided no means of egress from the space below.

Plans to deconstruct Chamber 02 were considered, but ultimately
scrapped at the direction of CANUAR-Site-90 Director Silas Smith.

Renovation of Chamber 02 is presently set to continue.


WARNING: PoI-000 ATTEMPTING TO BREACH INNER PERIMETER

Director Smith,

This is an automated message to inform you that PoI-000 has been
spotted heading towards the inner security perimeter of Site-90.
Please stand by.


Relevant excerpts of HMCL Audit S90JAN2003:

Chamber 02

Supposedly the containment cell of SCP-5947; containment topology not
adequately marked.

Anomalous object's containment device unsecured, on floor; can be
easily moved or opened; not adequately demarcated.

Minor psychic compulsion; 7 members of 10 person survey team drawn
towards anomalous object upon entrance; not adequately noted.

Auxiliary containment devices not built to Foundation Safety and
Security regulations; electronics brought into Chamber 02 experience
severe malfunctions when brought near machinery; no diagraphic
documentation relevant to the structure.

Rancid odor, beyond the necessities of the containment procedures.

Chemical hazard: silver jewelry worn by members of the survey team
found lightly to entirely corroded upon egress; not adequately noted.

Major psychic hazard field; survey team reported feelings of extreme
subjugation by an unknown force. Not adequately noted.

Survey team incapable of entering the bottom chamber safely; floor of
bottom chamber appears to be covered in viscera.

Survey team barred from entering the top chamber; reason: insufficient
security clearance.

It is presently understood that Chamber 02 is undergoing renovations.
We therefore implore Director Smith to contact us upon Chamber 02's
completion.

Talia Cassel, HMCL Technician


To: SDivekar@Scipnet (HPCL Supervisor Shakti Divekar; Classification
Level RAISA-4; Employee Number 4886)

From: WClarkson2@Scipnet (Researcher Walter Clarkson; Classification
Level 1/5947; Employee Number 16020)

Subject: Re:Re: Regarding Maintenance

Hello, and sorry for the third email in a month.

Is there any progress on the Chamber 02 case? It doesn't feel like too
much it's been fixed; actually, it feels like it's gotten worse. The
smell's starting to spread outside the chamber proper, and the
construction noises aren't any quieter. Whatever they're doing when
they're not expanding, it's still happening.

I also think it's taking some kind of toll on my coworkers. It's been
weeks since I last saw some of them. Actually, I didn't really notice
until I started writing this letter, but I haven't seen too many of
our projects, either.

Another thing: apparently I've been assigned to Chamber 02? Nobody
told me anything, but my file permissions were shifted around and the
file that used to be SCP-239 has been archived. I've tried asking
around, and I haven't gotten a response.

Again, apologies for the repeat message, but I'm beginning to feel
powerless. Like I'm being watched by a giant.


To: SSmith18@Scipnet (Site Director Silas Smith; Classification Level
XK-4; Employee Number 378)

From: PWoodward@Scipnet (Intern Payton Woodward; Classification Level
0/5947; Employee Number 338014)

Subject: Wrong address?

I'm sorry to bother you, Director Silas, but I have a few questions if
you don't mind:

Is something wrong with the Scipnet server? I know Site-90 is supposed
to be an isolated site, but your email is the only one I can ping.

What's that smell? I assume it's fish, but I didn't expect to smell it
until I got to the chamber.

Did I get the wrong address? This place looks like a factory, and I
can't find anyone.

Thank you for your time, and again, sorry to bother you!


WARNING: CANUAR-SITE-90 BREACHED BY PoI-000

Director Smith,

This is an automated message to inform you that Site-90's premises
have been breached by PoI-000 ("Nobody"). Please stand by.


