                                    SCP-2476                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              I Didn't Expect That                              
                              --------------------                              

Item #: SCP-2476 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment procedures: All information regarding SCP-2476 may only be 
made available to Level 3 personnel who are currently studying SCP-2476. 
Personnel studying SCP-2476 are to first be directly shown SCP-2476's anomalous 
properties directly in-order to prevent the spread of its SCP-2476-1. 

SCP-2476 is kept in a humanoid containment cell at Site-17. SCP-2476 has no 
special medical or dietary requirements. 

Description: SCP-2476 is a human male in its mid-twenties. SCP-2476 is prone to 
occasional episodes of extreme hostility, where it will demand personnel to 
conform to its desires, under the threat of extreme violence. Apart from these 
episodes, SCP-2476 is generally cooperative with Foundation staff. The words 
"Mr. Spanish Inquisition, by Gamers Against Weed” are tattooed across 
SCP-2476’s left thigh. 

SCP-2476-1 is a cognitohazard affecting those who have not learned of SCP-2476's 
alias by reading its tattoo, or have not yet perceived its anomalous properties 
occur directly. Under these circumstances, information subjects learn will be 
falsified to fit the theme of the 1975 film Monty Python And The Holy Grail. 
Fabrications caused by SCP-2476-1 vary depending on the type of information 
learned and will persist with each subject. Subjects will continue to experience 
SCP-2476-1 as they learn more information regarding SCP-2476, and will only 
cease once they have perceived SCP-2476's actual anomalous properties in action. 

SCP-2476 suffers from extreme delusions regarding instruments and objects 
capabilities to inflict harm on others, believing items of a safe and benign 
nature to instead be the most effective. All instruments utilized by SCP-2476 
which under regular circumstances would be effective in inflicting physical harm 
and injuries to others will become completely ineffective. SCP-2476 will utilize 
whatever instrument it uses in a highly ineffective manner, preventing the 
target from receiving any physical pain whatsoever. Notable delusions include 
perceiving a bat to be a baguette and a pair of knives to be a pair of sofa 
cushions. 

Recovery: SCP-2476 was originally detained on the 11th of January 2017, when 
Foundation web crawlers located the use of the phrases Gamers Against Weed and 
Mr. Monty Python And The Holy Grail on numerous social networking accounts 
mentioning an unknown individual in ██████, North Carolina, United 
States who had caused several public disturbances. SCP-2476 was located in a 
nearby bookstore when retrieved, dressed in an outfit resembling that of the 
Spanish Inquisition costumes used in the Monty Python sketches of the same name, 
attempting to attack a cashier ineffectively with a desk lamp, for selling 
‘unorthodox’ reading material. Foundation agents were able to detain it 
without incident. Amnestics were dispatched to all witnesses effectively. 

SCP-2476-1 became apparent after multiple Foundation personnel were informed of 
SCP-2476s recovery by agents. Temporary containment was prepared for SCP-2476 
based upon falsified information given to Foundation personnel. Personnel were 
met with surprise upon SCP-2476's arrival due to its unexpected effects. All 
personnel involved were given amnestic treatment. 


Interview Log 

The following is a partial interview performed by Dr. Belle several days after 
the recovery of SCP-2476. 

- Interview Log 2476-1 

<Begin Log> 

SCP-2476: Ello! We’re gonna start another interview? 

Dr. Belle: Yes, if that’s alright with you. 

SCP-2476: Good! Good! What did ya wanna talk about? 

Dr. Belle: We were hoping to discuss the creation of your anomalous properties. 

SCP-2476: Really? Well…. God. I honestly have no clue what to tell you 
(sniggers). I wouldn’t really know what was going on in those guys heads at 
the time when they made me. They probablies just poured a whole bag of cocaine 
on a table and just started shoving their heads into it like: (SCP-2476 raises 
its head into the air and widens its eyes) “Aaaaaagghhhhh’! 

Dr. Belle: You seem quite energetic today. 

SCP-2476: Haha! (in a higher pitch) I know! 

SCP-2476: …Can I have my outfit back? 

Dr. Belle: Sorry, but I told you before, that's not possible. 

SCP-2476: Oh, poooh! 

Dr. Belle: But in all seriousness, what do you believe was the point of your 
creation? All other Misters so far have been made with at least some meaningful 
idea in mind. Not to say you yourself are somehow less… We are just finding it 
difficult to understand why you were made like this. 

SCP-2476: I don’t know really. I think it was less off “We’re gonna make 
something meaningful to make people think. Yeah, we’re edgy and deep!” and 
more like “Guys. We need to do this, it’ll be fucking incredible.”. Or 
maybe like a reverse thing? Like it’s a clever idea presented in a really 
stupid way? 

Dr. Belle: That would make sense… Speaking of, how do you feel during your, 
well, episodes? 

SCP-2476: It’s really weird! It’s not like I don’t remember doing it. 
It’s more like when you're really hyper, you know? When you’re in that zone 
of crazy? it’s like that but times one-hundred. I just go around acting all 
mental like ‘Ha ha!’ 

Dr. Belle: And how do you feel after the experience? 

SCP-2476: try not to really think about it. But honestly, sometimes I look back 
on it and am like “Oh God… What the hell were you doing!? You fool!”. 
Those surveillance tapes you showed me were pretty funny though. The peoples' 
reactions alone were enough to cheer me up, so thanks for that. 

Dr. Belle: Glad it helped. Another question, how were you able to know about 
Gamers Against Weed? When we asked about your earliest memories, you said you'd 
woken up in ██████. 

SCP-2476: I remember some things from what I guess you'd call 'before'. They're 
not really clear memories, more like information I woke up with. I think 
whatever process they used to create me involved making me but only partly, and 
then editing aspects of me… to see how I behaved or… something… Um… 

Dr. Belle: Do you have a problem remembering? We can continue this at a later 
date. 

SCP-2476: Nah nah it's good. It’s just a bit difficult to talk about certain 
parts. 

SCP-2476: Let’s see… Agh! Fuck, this is complicated! The information I know 
was from what they mentioned when they were making me, kind of like how when 
you're a baby you take in things you hear people say. Except you know, I’m a 
fully grown guy with an almost fully developed brain (laughs) I do remember 
watching the Holy Grail like a thousand times though… 

Dr. Belle: Well thank you, You've managed to give us a lot of helpful 
information. 

SCP-2476: Hehe, didn't expect it? 

Dr. Belle: Okay, you need to settle down. 

<End Log> 


Document 2476-8745 

The following document was found on SCP-2476's person when recovered. It is 
reproduced below in its entirety. 

Holy Heck! You've just found yourself your very own Mr. Spanish Inquisition by 
Gamers Against Weed! I didn't expect this. Who is Dr. Wondertainment? 

Collect them all and become Mr. Gamer! 

01. Mr. Literal Serial Killer 

02. Mr. Normie 

03. Mr. Bernie Sanders 

04. Mr. Get Anything For Free In Any Shop 

20. Mr. Sex Number 

21. Mr. Heavenly Virtues 

22. Mr. Deadly Sins 

23. Mr. Original Character 

24. Mr. D.A.R.E. 

25. Mrs. Gentrification 

26. Ms. Mad About Video Games 

27. Mr. Meme 

28. Mr. Ominous (discontinued) 

29. Mr. Destiny 

30. Mr. Spanish Inquisition ✔ 

31. Ms. Zapatista 

32. Mr. Hax 

33. Mr. Just Has The Tattoo 

34. Mr. Top Text and Mr. Bottom Text 

35. Mr. Finale 


