                                    SCP-4707                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    R.E.A.D.                                    
                                    --------                                    

Item #: SCP-4707

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4707 is to be contained inside of this SSL 
encrypted document, and an advanced deep learning anti-virus has been deployed 
to counteract other instances of SCP-4707. No further testing is authorized 
should SCP-4707 accidentally be released. Access Level 5 is needed to access 
this document. Under no circumstances is this document to be accessed. 

Description: SCP-4707, designated R.E.A.D.

R - Reactive

E - Edificated

A - Automated

D - Distributed Application

SCP-4707 is to be classified as Safe? due to no possible method of escape being 
confirmed by access level. 

SCP-4707 is a computer virus originating from an anonymous post on 4chan in the 
year 2███. SCP-4707 is commonly known as a "Neural Trojan Horse". SCP-4707 
has been observed to transmit itself through non-SSL encrypted webpages. The 
perceived main goal of SCP-4707 is to navigate to news/social media websites and 
encourage the users on the page to view the website for a longer period of time. 
This, in turn, gives the website more advertisement revenue. SCP-4707 then 
siphons the backend revenue and transmits it to an Ethereum wallet believed to 
be owned by Envelope Logistics®. SCP-4707 also attempts to find the email 
registered with the domain, backtrace any bank accounts using this email, and 
run a concentrated dictionary attack in order to gain access to it. All funds 
inside said bank account will be transferred to the Ethereum wallet as well. 

SCP-4707's anomalous effect is administered via cognitohazardous "alert 
dialogs"?. If the user continuously sees these anomalous alert dialogs within 
sixty (60) seconds of each other, they will be completely immersed in browsing 
the website. If these alert dialogs cease to appear?, the user will eventually 
lose interest in the World Wide Web and their brain functions will return to 
normal. 

The predicted likelihood of SCP-4707 gaining access to any bank accounts can be 
represented by the following formula?. 

       1
                = x
 3,093,584,102

Formula based on data collected from experimental studies about bank security 
and businesses. 

SCP-4707 has been known in some instances to generate content? for the user, 
usually in the form of text. On even more rare occasions, SCP-4707 will generate 
fake "news" articles; when clicked on, these links will lead to an article held 
by an entity outside of the Foundation. 

In order to conceal itself, SCP-4707 hides as an embedded page located in the 
shadow DOM of scrollbar elements. Usually, multiple copies of SCP-4707 are 
hidden per page, they communicate to each other via the browser console! in 
order to avoid detection. 

All known side effects of viewing SCP-4707 infected pages:

Itching located under the nose.

An uncontrollable desire to engage with the content.

Dry eyes.

Extreme hunger.

READ

16 Naughty Things Miley Cyrus Tweets About

20 Frightening Things Justin Bieber Isn't Telling You

Practical World of Warcraft

20 Troubling Things Batman Isn't Telling You

Unbelievable Rock Climbing

Frightening PowerPoint

16 Alarming Things Bill Cosby Is Using Against You

Dangerous Windsurfing

13 Scary Things Soldering Will Save

14 Practical Secrets About Woodworking

7 Horrible Facts About Soldering

Scary Needlepoint

14 Things Khloé Kardashian Will Forever Change

Scandalous Microsoft Excel


List of previously/currently infected websites?:

4chan

Reddit

YouTube

Facebook

Vox Media

Forbes

Instagram

SCP Foundation Database


