                                    SCP-5500                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              Death of the Authors                              
                              --------------------                              

Item #: SCP-5500 

Level 0/5500 

Object Class: Apollyon 

Classified 

Special Containment Procedures: Eschatological Lifted Veil protocols are in 
place due to SCP-5500. The general public has knowledge of anomalous phenomena 
and the existence of the Foundation, due to the apocalyptic state of the 
multiverse. 

All Foundation research is focused on attempting to find the malefactor 
responsible for the death of all SCP-5500-Ω instances. All current motives and 
persons associated with the deaths of 5500-Omega instances are under 
investigation. Memetically coded text which is color-coded red and underlined, 
used to convey information learned about the malefactor and the method of the 
murders in such a way that only entities who exist above the known universe can 
see information. Scarlet Letter Investigative Protocols are utilized throughout 
this file and related documentation to convey information. 

Description: SCP-5500 refers to an ongoing ZK-Class Reality Failure Scenario 
affecting at least 9,245 universes, as a result of the deaths of several 
instances of SCP-5500-Ω. 

SCP-5500-Ω are humanoid, possibly human, entities that exist in a reality above 
the greater multiverse observed by the Foundation. These entities have the 
capability to alter our reality and adjacent realities through the medium of 
creative writing, though the amount of influence they have is unclear. 

The death of an SCP-5500-Ω instance causes severe metaphysical backlash to the 
universe or entities it had a part in influencing. The broadness of the sphere 
of influence varies, as does the corresponding level of destruction— the Cause 
of Death of SCP-5500-Ω-1 was attributed to a heart attack.apparently natural 
death of SCP-5500-Ω-1 resulted in the deaths of at least four individuals and 
three SCP objects, while Cause of Death: Lacerations to stomach after being 
force-fed several polyhedral objects.the murder of SCP-5500-Ω-56 resulted in 
the complete destruction of the Horizon Initiative in all observed universes, as 
well as the depopulation of the United Kingdom in the Baseline universe. 

SCP-5500-A is the third iteration of a device which was meant to observe 
SCP-5500-Ω instances in their reality. 

Further Information is Classified and Stored only on Hard-Copy at the following 
Address... 



SCP-5500

Taking Control of the Pen: Utilizing Pataphysical Theory To Create A Better World

By Dr. Katherine Sinclair, Dr. Jack Bright, et al.

(Abridged)

Abstract:

But we found out that there is a God, and it is SCP-001.

And it’s a bunch of horror writers.


Those are the words that close out the infamous S. Andrew Swann
Proposal— at least, the portion available to the larger Foundation.
God is real. But if what's being said is true, then God is, at the
very least, capable of writing, of thought. And perhaps, capable of
sight.

Utilizing knowledge Astral Projection Theory pioneered by the
Department of Occult Studies and the Global Occult Coalition's
Sunspotting Program, as well as advances made during Operation
WALLBREAK in 2023, Project S.W.A.N.N. aims to utilize Foundation
resources in order to directly observe, and possibly control, the
so-called "Horror Author" entities.


Utilization:

To be blunt: the S.W.A.N.N. Engine temporarily kills its user. Through
the cessation of all vital signs for at least two minutes, the soul is
allowed to leave the body. Utilizing a Metaphysical Upwards Funnel,
the S.W.A.N.N. Engine siphons the soul to a higher plane of existence.

In several cases, this higher plane would mean a place in a Nibbanic
or Heavenly state. However, the S.W.A.N.N. engine allows for temporary
egress of consciousness from the Known Foundation Multiverse (KFM)
entirely, into a reality occupied by the 'horror author' entities
proposed in S. Andrew Swann's proposal, with the consciousness of the
individual in the S.W.A.N.N. engine temporarily riding along with the
consciousness of one of these entities, able to observe but unable to
communicate or interact— at least, in the first iteration.

The next iteration of the S.W.A.N.N. Engine is in development, with
the goal of allowing us to communicate with the Author-Entities,
giving suggestions on how to mold Narrative Forces to benefit the
Foundation.


Testing Log:

The first test of the S.W.A.N.N. Engine was conducted using Dr.
Katherine Sinclair as a test subject. The following is a transcript of
events as observed by Dr. Sinclair's colleagues at the time.

Dr. Sinclair: I am within the Engine’s compartment. Ready for liftoff.

Dr. West: Introducing gaseous agent. Time is 15:32 on April 1st, 2024.

Researcher Reynolds: You had better be able to get her back, John.

Dr. Sinclair: I’m going to be fine, Monty. I promise.

Dr. Bright: Gaseous agent should take effect in three… two… now.

Dr. West: Vital signs negative. She’s gone.

Dr. Bright: Starting the clock. Will activate revival at three
minutes. Brain scan on?

Reynolds: There’s activity all over the place. Pain receptors are
going haywire.

Dr. Bright: Get the readout.

PRINTOUT:

SENSATION: PAIN detected in RIGHT HAND

SENSATION: IRRITATION and IMPATIENCE

SENSATION: SIGHT: SMALL ROOM. TWO CHAIRS. DESK.

SENSATION: SIGHT: ONE HUMANOID INDIVIDUAL. ERROR

SENSATION: ERROR. HYPERREALITY.

ERROR: HYPERREALITY

ERROR: MENTAL FAILURE IMMINENT

ERROR: SENSATION: MIGRAINE

ERROR: SENSATION: INTERNAL MONOLOGUE


Reynolds: Get her out. Now.

Dr. Bright: Flushing agent. Oxygenating room. Adrenaline incoming.

VITAL SIGNS RETURNING

IRREGULAR BRAINWAVES DETECTED

COGNITOHAZARDOUS VOCAL PATTERNS DETECTED. DO NOT OPEN COMPARTMENT.

REPEAT: DO NOT OPEN COMPARTMENT

Dr. West: I— I can feel— fuck why can I feel it?!

Reynolds: My head, my head’s splitting open—

Dr. Bright: What the fuck is going on here? I— I’m not feeling
anything, but my colleagues— hold on.

FLUSHING METAPHYSICAL FUNNEL

BRAIN ACTIVITY RETURNING TO NORMAL

Reynolds: Jesus, her hair’s gone white. Katherine?

Dr. Sinclair: I.. saw it, Monty. I saw… God. They had a cast on their arm. I—

Reynolds: Jesus, her throat is hemorrhaging. What was that?

Dr. Bright: If I had to guess? A hyperreal entity transposing itself
onto one of us. I… fuck, this is… fuck.


Due to the S.W.A.N.N. Engine's Role in the Murders of all known
SCP-5500-Omega instances, the Foundation will no longer sanction its
use until the culprit is found.


Incident Report: CK-Class Reality Restructuring Scenario Related to S.W.A.N.N. Engine Usage

In October of 2027, a S.W.A.N.N. Engine was used to observe the life
of an SCP-5500-Omega instance. Observation showed the SCP-5500-Omega
instance in the process of crafting a narrative; it is believed that
exposure to this process is what triggered the ensuing events.

Upon observing the creation of a narrative, operator Dr. Lycus
inadvertently asserted control over the SCP-5500-Omega entity's
nervous system, causing them to stand up from their chair and trip
over a section of floor. Dr. Lycus was ejected from the engine
following this, taking two steps out of the operator's booth, before
falling over, dead from apparent psychic backlash.

In at least twenty-seven adjacent universes, instances of SCP-3732
spontaneously lost all pigmentation before crumbling into
non-anomalous pile of carbon-based dust, despite the fact that
SCP-3732 is made out of granite.

Furthermore, several anomalies that Dr. Lycus had been studying
(including SCP-4879) experienced a similar transformation. It had
previously been noted that one of the author-entities encountered had
a resemblance to Dr. Lycus, and that they could not be located using
the S.W.A.N.N. Engine in subsequent trials.

Subsequent observation of SCP-5500-Omega entities over the next
several weeks resulted in immediate rejection, due to heightened
emotional stress on the part of the entities, suggesting they knew of
the deaths of fellow entities.


Note by Dr. Johnathan West:

That was when we found out they were mortal. That they could die.

It made sense, of course— they were human. Humans die. But it raised
some fucking terrifying implications. Two deaths had wiped out
anomalies across the multiverse. I actually vomited when I heard the
news.

It's… one thing to realize that you're living within a universe
governed by the laws of fiction. It's another to realize that, when
whatever is controlling and shaping your world dies, that's it. You
don't even get a body to bury. We didn't even know if a soul could
survive this.

And what's more, it doesn't fucking make sense— pataphysical models
show that works and the beings within can persist after the death of
the author. So why don't we?


Incident Report: CK-Class Reality Restructuring Scenario Related to
S.W.A.N.N. Engine Usage

In November of 2027, the S.W.A.N.N. Engine went through improper
shutdown procedures. As such, it was active without any operator,
causing the Funnel to draw up into the consciousness of an
SCP-5500-Omega instance and draw it from their dimension into our own.

As a result, the entirety of Site-43 (where the S.W.A.N.N. Engine was
undergoing maintenance following the previous incident) had a series
of seizures. Though no fatalities resulted, all personnel reported a
vision of sitting in a cinema as a film about cat-like entities
played, while experiencing the sensation of a heart attack.

Following this, all items and persons related to Herman-Fuller's
Circus of the Disquieting, including several extra-dimensional
locations related to the Circus, crumbled into an indistinct
carbon-based dust.


Overseer Command Communique 12-03

<CLASSIFIED CHANNEL OPENED>

O5-12: Once is happenstance, twice is enemy action.

O5-12: Three SCP-5500-Omega entities are dead, and large blocks of the
world taken with them. Lycus's work and 3732, as much as I hate to say
it, can be moved past. The Circus cannot.

O5-03: I agree. Calling a vote in an hour.

O5-03: It will be unanimous. Pataphysics will be disbanded before any
more harm can be done, and the Swann engine (I refuse to use the
acronym) will have sledgehammers and chainsaws taken to it.

O5-03: Literally, if need be.

No response from O5-12 is recorded for three minutes.

O5-03: 12?

ERROR: O5-12 Life Signs Negative.

O5-03: What the fuck?!


Incident SCP-5500-Alpha:

On December 25th, 2027, several related anomalies and members of
Foundation staff spontaneously underwent a CK-Class
Reality-Restructuring scenario. Among those affected were:

O5-06

O5-12

Dr. Jack Bright (including several copies created by SCP-963)

SCP-321

SCP-590

This corresponds to Dr. Bright attempting to sabotage the S.W.A.N.N.
Engine, using SCP-963 to take over the body of a member of D-Class
Personnel who was doing routine maintenance on the construct. Bright
attempted to use SCP-963 on the - organic components of the S.W.A.N.N.
Engine, resulting in the metaphysical funnel drawing down a
consciousness into itself, before overloading and collapsing in on
itself. It is unknown what Dr. Bright's motives were; suicidal
tendencies had been noted in his psychological file, but due to the
nature of SCP-963, they were unable to self-terminate.

Despite the destruction of the S.W.A.N.N. Engine, CK-Class Reality
Restructuring Scenarios similar to this one continued, cascading into
the current ZK-Class Reality Failure Scenario.


An attempt was made to communicate with an SCP-5500-Omega entity,
SCP-5500-Omega-62. See attached documentation.


Conversation with SCP-5500-Omega-62

For the purposes of this, SCP-5500-Omega-62 was drawn down into the
metaphysical funnel, inhabiting a sentient computer structure that
could conduct simple conversation. This method was deemed to have the
least chance of complete pataphysical failure.

Dr. Sinclair: You're dying.

5500-Omega-62: [CONFIRM]

Dr. Sinclair: Why?

5500-Omega-62: [DENY]

Dr. Sinclair: You don't know?

5500-Omega-62: [CONFIRM]

Dr. Sinclair: How many are dead?

5500-Omega-62: [LESS THAN TEN THOUSAND]

5500-Omega-62: [MORE THAN ONE THOUSAND]

5500-Omega-62: [NOTABLE EVENT]

Dr. Sinclair: You mean… the world knows about the deaths?

5500-Omega-62: [CONFIRM]

Dr. Sinclair: Can you show me?

5500-Omega-62: [CONFIRM]

(Dr. Sinclair abruptly collapses, before rising three minutes later.
She lurches to a desk, and vomits what appears to be a pixelated mass
onto a keyboard. This generates the following text.)

THOUSHANDS DEAD IN CONNECTION WTTH WRITHING WEBSIT

IMAGE CAUSED SEIZUERS IN HUNDRES OF USER SV IVSINT SUBREDDIT R/SCP

IMAGE SHOWED SCLUPTURE, HEAVILY DISTORETD

SITE SHTU DOWN

STIL DYING
IM NEXT

ONE OF YOU

ONE OFMANY

NOCANON

BUTTHE LIST

(Dr. Sinclair collapses.)

