                                    SCP-2759                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               As Above, So Below                               
                               ------------------                               

Item #: SCP-2759 

Object Class: Euclid Thaumiel 

Special Containment Procedures: Due to its size and location, SCP-2759 is to be 
surrounded by 4.5m high barbed wire fencing and patrolled by security personnel 
until a better form of containment is established. Additionally, remote 
audiovisual surveillance should be strategically installed around the perimeter 
and throughout its containment area. 

The surrounding desert within visual range of SCP-2759 is extremely large and 
arid, making foot traffic in the general vicinity a relatively uncommon 
occurrence. Therefore, any individuals coming within 5km are to be detained, 
questioned and amnesticised. 

SCP-2759-1 is to be kept on location in a hermetically sealed provisional 
containment area designated Site-2759. Any unauthorized activity should be 
immediately reported to Site Command. 

In order to prevent unnecessary distress in subjects utilized for 
experimentation purposes, research personnel are discouraged from discussing 
details regarding the testing process and the nature of the anomaly as a whole. 

UPDATE: As of ██/██/████, all information relating to SCP-2759 
is considered non-essential to Foundation personnel and thus is currently 
designated RESTRICTED. This includes knowledge of related items, locations, 
quantitative and experimental data, personnel records and all other relevant 
documentation. If you are reading this file in error, terminate your connection 
and proceed to the nearest medical bay for Class-A amnestic application. 

A small group of individuals selected by the O5 Council are to be given access 
to Site-2759 and resources for use in study and experimentation. All personnel 
assigned to SCP-2759 are to be screened daily for fluctuations by an approved 
Cognition Integration Testing (CIT) Proctor. 

Description: SCP-2759 refers to former Location of Interest and Unexplained 
Environment 54701. SCP-2759 appears to be an exact replica of the Ziggurat of 
Ur, found to have materialized near White Sands, New Mexico. Given the 
significance of the original Ziggurat, Etemenniguru1, the complex has been 
contained and is under heavy scrutiny and analysis by Foundation historians and 
archaeologists. 

Although mostly inactive, there have been multiple unverified reports of "moving 
shadows" seen cast on the walls and floor of the temple interior. It is unknown 
if this phenomenon is hallucinogenic or otherwise, as claims tend to vary 
between individuals and are not detectable via video surveillance. Additionally, 
evidence suggests an anomalous connection may exist between SCP-2759 and the 
original temple complex, with meteorological fluctuations and occasional noises 
that resemble those reported in the vicinity of Tell el-Muqayyar, Iraq. This, 
combined with the difficulty of containment, led to it's official classification 
as Euclid on ██/██/████. 

SCP-2759-1 refers to a clay brick altar recovered from within the central shrine 
of SCP-2759. The object was discovered with the skeletal remains of an unknown 
individual laying on its surface. Dating places the remains at approximately 
████ years old. 

Unlike other altars of its kind, SCP-2759-1 features atypical iconography, 
including several large cuneiform symbols engraved into the sides of the 
object.2 

SCP-2759-1's primary anomalous nature becomes apparent when an individual dies 
while laying across the surface of the object. The subject does not need to be 
awake for this and therefore sedation is to be administered during testing.3 
Once death has occurred, the altar will vibrate with a low hum for around thirty 
seconds, after which the cuneiform symbol for "TRANSPORT/MOVEMENT" will flash 
briefly and emit a soft tone. The altar will then cease action. 


Incident Log 2759-03: 

During evaluative testing of SCP-2759-1, Sr. Researcher Rowena Scully reportedly 
left her work-provided cell phone on the surface of SCP-2759-1 while 
administering inert gas (nitrogen) to D-8821. Twenty minutes later, Dr. 
Rosenberg received a call from Scully's number, despite her phone having been 
accounted for. Dr. Rosenberg was then able to speak to the deceased D-8821 via 
an unknown means. The transcript of the call can be found below: 

[BEGIN TRANSCRIPT] 

Dr. Rosenberg: Hello, yes? 

D-8821: Doc? Are you there? 

Dr. Rosenberg: Rowena-? Who is this? 

D-8821: What do you mean? Is this part of the test? I know you guys mess with 
some weird stuff, but this one hell of a trip. 

Dr. Rosenberg: Wait… D-8821? 

D-8821: Yeah. Last thing I remember was you guys knocking me out? Now I'm… 
here. 

A brief period of silence is heard as Dr. Rosenberg sets up a recording device 
and places the call on speakerphone. 

Dr. Rosenberg: Understood. Can you describe your surroundings? 

D-8821: Well, uh, it looks a lot like that temple you showed me. The one from 
New Mexico? I woke up, half naked on the steps out here. I found the phone 
shortly afterward. Your name is the only one I recognize from the contacts. 

At this time, SCP-2759 was searched and monitored for signs of D-8821; none were 
found. 

D-8821: I'm definitely not in New Mexico. Too cold. Foggy. I think I see trees? 

Dr. Rosenberg: We're not picking you up at either complex. Do you see any 
identifying landmarks? 

D-8821: Too much fog, I can't see maybe ten feet in any direction outside the 
temple. I bet I'll see something from the top. Give me a second. 

Silence, followed by sounds of movement for approximately ten seconds. 

D-8821: Oh boy. 

Dr. Rosenberg: What do you see? 

D-8821: Well, uh, it just seems to go on forever. The fog. There is only this 
place. Where the hell am I, Doc? 

Dr. Rosenberg: I don't know. We are trying to locate you. 

D-8821: Damn it, the battery is dying. What should I do? 

Dr. Rosenberg: Stay where you are for now. We will try to send someone to aid 
you. 

D-8821: Please do. Tell them to bring me a sweatshirt. 

Dr. Rosenberg: Good luck, D-8821. 

D-8821: Yeah. 

[END TRANSCRIPT] 

Note: Following this call all contact with D-8821 was lost. 


Addendum 2759-1: 

Due to the events of Incident 2759-03, it has been determined that SCP-2759-1 is 
not sacrificial by nature, but instead some sort of ancillary tool used for 
interstellar or trans-dimensional travel. 

Subjects report a brief period of unconsciousness following death that lasts 
approximately fifteen minutes. After this period, the subject's consciousness 
will be translocated to another copy of SCP-2759 seemingly not located on Earth, 
designated SCP-2759-E1. Subjects retain a portion of the items and clothing they 
died with, however, man-made materials have been shown to degrade at a variable 
accelerated rate. Through extensive testing, the following factors have been 
found to influence what will ultimately be transferred to SCP-2759-E1: 

Size and shape of the item (With a preference for smaller and rounder objects) 

Complexity of the item4 

How the item relates to the concept of "tool", "instrument" or "weapon"5 

How the item relates to the concept of "clothing" vs "belongings" 

Attachment to item (sentimental or otherwise) 

GPS positioning systems fail to trace the location of SCP-2759-E1, however, 
audiovisual transmissions can still be received with decent clarity when 
receivers are placed within .4km of SCP-2759, SCP-2759-1, or the original temple 
complex. SCP-2759-1 seems to operate without issue regardless of its distance 
from SCP-2759. 

The composition of SCP-2759-E1's environment and atmosphere are unknown. It is 
presumably breathable and generally considered cold, humid and subject to a 
dense fog that surrounds the complex proper. Unlike SCP-2759, SCP-2759-E1 is the 
only temple complex with architectural deviations from the original Ziggurat of 
Ur, including a spacial anomaly at the center that is defined as SCP-2759-E2. 

It is believed that the dimension containing SCP-2759-E1 and SCP-2759-E2 has a 
mild cognitohazardous effect on sentient beings, the full scope of which is 
unknown at this time. 


Exploration Log 2759-Enlil: 

Abstract: Exploration 2759-Enlil was approved and took place on 
██/██/████, two days after contact with D-8821 was lost. D-3733 
was sent through SCP-2759-1 with shoulder-mountable audiovisual recording gear, 
one hooded sweatshirt, and a small kit containing a flashlight, three flares, 
extra batteries and two granola bars, establishing contact eighteen minutes 
after death. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

D-3733: Did one of you take my pants? What the hell guys, it is really cold and- 

Control: [coughs] -Okay, D-3733. Let's get started. You should have a mountable 
camera in your pack. Please take it out and activate it. 

D-3733: Ugh, alright. Let me just tie the sweatshirt around my waist. 

After approximately one minute, camera feed comes live, revealing a full frame 
of gray fog. Camera view is jostled as D-3733 is seen scaling the side of the 
temple complex. As they approach the zenith, subject pans camera around, 
revealing the expanses of fog to stretch on around SCP-2759-E1 in all 
directions. The fog line terminates abruptly just outside the perimeter. Sky is 
dark and purple in color. No celestial bodies are present, but area is dimly lit 
and seemingly desaturated. 

D-3733: I'll be damned. No stars. Where is this? 

Control: That's what we're hoping to find out. 

D-3733: This place- I'm going to die here, aren't I? 

Control: What makes you say that? 

D-3733: A feeling, I don't know. There's this weight, this heavy, empty feeling 
in my stomach. It feels like sorrow, like death. 

Control: Just try and remain calm, if you need a minute to adjust, we can wait. 

D-3733: I'm calm, I'm calm. 

Subject stops for a moment and is heard taking a deep breath. After a period of 
silence, a voice is heard off-camera that resembles a small child. 

D-3733: Huh-? Wait, hey! Hey! 

Camera swings around as the subject turns, the feed showing brief movement 
coming from the entrance to the interior of the central temple. 

D-3733: Someone just went inside. Should I follow? 

Control: Affirmative, but make sure to keep an eye out for any signs of D-8821. 
You'll find a flashlight and some flares in your kit. 

Brief silence, some wind and rustling is heard. 

D-3733: Found the flares. No flashlight. 

Control: At least it's something. 

D-3733 is seen approaching the threshold at the top of SCP-2759-1. Subject 
lights a torch, which bathes the corridor in red light. 

D-3733: Hello? Anyone? 

D-3733 proceeds down the hall, into the central shrine, or cella, which contains 
several connecting pathways. The walls are lined with cuneiform symbols and 
imagery, and a group of clayware pots litter the ground in pieces of varying 
size. Post analysis revealed much of the symbols relate to Ereshkigal, Sumerian 
goddess of the Underworld. 

D-3733: I hear something. 

Audio feed picks up the sounds of whispers coming from the hallways. As D-3733 
passes by, figures are seen moving in the shadows. 

D-3733: There are people… They're hiding just outside of view. I don't know 
how many. 

Subject takes a second before choosing a direction. The red light reveals the 
hall to be empty and slopes downward. The ceiling drops swiftly and turns 
sharply right. After a few seconds, a distant scream is heard. 

D-3733: This place is freaking me out. The walls are cold, I'm cold. Everything 
is cold. 

Control: Noted. Please continue. 

D-3733 descends into the heart of the temple. The camera picks up further signs 
of distress and unintelligible vocalizations. 

D-3733: No, No- I don't think so, nope. I'm done. Go ahead and pull me out now, 
please. Please. 

Control: That is not possible at this time. Your mission is to locate D-8821. 

[EXTRANEOUS DIALOGUE REMOVED] 

D-3733: Fine, but don't expect me to be happy about it. 

Control: Understandable. Now, if you would. 

D-3733 sighs and continues on. Coming to a small intersection, subject lights up 
the left pathway, revealing it to be a dead end. Three emaciated, naked 
humanoids are crouched in the corner and sharing a single tattered blanket. They 
do not look up at D-3733, but are heard whimpering and speaking in an unknown 
language. One figure appears to be albino in pigmentation. 

D-3733: I'm not going up to them. 

Control: Fine by us. 

Subject chooses the right hand path, which continues to slope downward as it 
angles back towards the center of the temple. D-3733 says nothing for several 
minutes, stopping multiple times to look behind him. The flare starts to burn 
out, D-3733 proceeds to light another. Upon closer inspection, the used flare 
appears aged and worn, burning out five minutes earlier than expected. 

D-3733: At this rate I'm going to be out of light in no time. Ina etuti absu.6 
What? Was that me? Did I say that? 

Control: We believe that the environment may be exerting some effects on your 
mental state and cognitive faculties. How do you feel right now? 

Mild static interference overtakes the audio feed for two seconds. 

D-3733: -[stu]pid question. I feel like I'm walking into my grave. 

Control: I understand that this is not an optimal situation. The sooner you find 
D-8821, the sooner we can find a way to get you back. 

Subject does not respond and moves along the now bare walls. D-3733 proceeds for 
two minutes before the hallway terminates sharply in a 180° turn that continues 
down into darkness. 

D-3733: [muttering] Ana harrani sa alaktasa la tarat, eli baltuti ima'idu 
mituti.7 

Control: I'm sorry? 

D-3733: I didn't say anything. 

The pathway begins to widen out, another right turn is seen at the bottom of the 
landing. 

D-3733: There's light up ahead. 

As D-3733 rounds the corner, an archway is seen roughly 30m away. Waves are 
heard, crashing against unseen shores. Several voices are discerned, drowned out 
by the other noise. 

D-3733: I feel a breeze. Is that the sky? 

Subject approaches the area now designated as SCP-2759-E2, the microphone 
picking up the sounds of more voices. As D-3733 emerges from the archway, the 
ruins of an amphitheater-esque complex come into focus. The "seats" of the 
structure grow larger and steeper as they move outward, becoming impossible to 
peer over and reaching an unknown height. One wall of the structure seems to 
have collapsed, and waves from a dark ocean on the other side roll in, pooling 
in the far side, across from the door back into SCP-2759-E1. Humanoid figures 
are seen in abundance, easily a hundred. All individuals seem to be emaciated 
and vary widely in physical characteristics. A few possess additional limbs or 
mutations. All appear to be sapient and intelligent to a degree, conversing with 
one another in various unknown languages ranging from heavily distorted Sumerian 
to hisses and clicks. No sign of D-8821 is found. 

D-3733: This just keeps getting weirder. Look. 

Subject points the camera upwards to reveal a small moon, orange-red in color, 
lingering in the violet sky. 

D-3733: No moon outside the temple, as far as I could tell. 

A group of entities are seen loitering down by the shore. D-3733 proceeds to the 
pool to investigate. 

D-3733: These guys don't seem hostile. They all seem quite sad, actually. 

Approaching the waterline, D-3733 keeps to himself, although several figures are 
seen looking at him and speaking to one another. 

D-3733: Hi, guys. 

Figures say nothing but continue to stare. Minor interference is detected on 
both audio and visual equipment. 

D-3733: Oh, I know. 

Subject checks the kit and retrieves a granola bar, the second having not 
survived the transfer. D-3733 unwraps it, breaking the snack into small pieces 
and offering them to the creatures in an outstretched hand. 

D-3733: You guys eat? Like food? Food? Sorry about the raisins, but it's all I 
have. 

Entities step back cautiously as D-3733 approaches. With some convincing, one 
individual, possessing scales and a flat, widened forehead, tentatively reaches 
out and accepts a piece. The being sniffs the item and eats it, expressing 
approval. The humanoid says something to the others, one of them is heard saying 
"akalum", or "food". Several others approach in interest, including two which 
appear to have chitinous carapaces and large insect-like mandibles. They make 
noise like cicadas as they snatch bits of granola and consume them voraciously. 

D-3733: Whoa, slow down, there's not enough for everyone- 

D-3733 is interrupted by a distressed vocalization. Camera turns to show a 
humanoid with equine features, writhing on the ground, howling in apparent pain. 
Several other figures crowd around the entity in with a mix of concern and 
curiosity. A few moments later, the crowd grabs their troubled peer and drag it, 
screaming, to the dark shoreline. They pause for a moment, as if reluctant, and 
then push the entity into the ocean waters below. It disappears beneath and does 
not resurface. No signs of struggle are seen, and the screaming ceases 
instantly. At this point, an unknown Sumerian dialect is detected among the 
chatter. POI-2759-A, an antlered humanoid, is seen speaking to D-3733. A 
Foundation historian is brought in to help with translation. 

POI-2759-A: [Are] you the Annunaki? The ones who know the stars? They who 
birthed the [unknown]? 

D-3733: [in Sumerian] They are the child of Ningishzidda, Lord of the Artifact 
of Life. They see through the eyes and ears of all children. 

POI-2759-A: We are those without light, those which wait at the feet of Anu. 
Eternal [unknown] of the gateway, the [firmament/world] of twilight. 

Control: Please ask the individual where you are located. 

D-3733: I don't think they understand English. 

POI-2759-A: Have you come to pay rites to the Mistress of the Underworld? 

D-3733: [in Sumerian] They are the souls of the Damned, open the gate so they 
may enter the Valley. 

POI-2759-A frowns and appears to step aside, allowing D-3733 a full view of the 
ocean, which stretches as far as the eye can see. No fog is present. 

D-3733: I don't like the look of this. 

Control decides not to tell the subject about their conversation with 
POI-2759-A. D-3733 stares into the depths of the ocean as the surface slowly 
ripples. 

D-3733: I feel nauseous. I need a minute. 

Subject sets the camera down and sits on the pathway. Thirty seconds of silence 
pass, D-3733 is seen sitting with his head in his hands. Subject looks out at 
the water, which is still black in color. 

D-3733: There- There's something down there. 

D-3733 picks up the camera and angles it downward. Small specks are seen in the 
distance. The dark liquid is abnormally clear, view disrupted minimally by 
smooth, rolling waves which appear almost velvet in nature. Due to worsening 
static distortion, it is impossible to discern what the objects are. 

D-3733: The Tiamatu.8 [pause] That's what it is called, I think. The Valley of 
the Lost. What? Stop it. 

Control: Are you alright? 

D-3733: I'm sorry, yes, it's this- thing. It's trying to talk to me, to talk 
through me. Filling my head with knowledge and… oh. 

D-3733 pauses and appears to be listening. 

D-3733: I-I see. I'm on my way. 

Subject hesitates before facing the ocean, bending over to look down. 

Control: What? Who is talking to you? 

D-3733: Reflected in the mirror, as above, so below, for each sin incurs greater 
debt unto the soul. Forgive me. 

Control: Please exit through the archway, D-3733. 

D-3733 says nothing, takes a breath, and jumps from the edge into the dark 
waters below. Camera seems unaffected by this, although all light is quickly 
extinguished. 

Control: D-3733, do you copy? 

Silence is recorded for thirty seconds. No sounds of water are present. 

Control: D-3733, please respond. 

D-3733 does not respond and is considered lost. However, over the next fourteen 
hours, D-3733's voice is picked up sporadically before static distortion 
overwhelms the transmission. 

D-3733: [laughter] - No, stop. Get out of my head! 

D-3733: It will remain. It will remain. [repeats] 

D-3733: [in Sumerian] Now the debt shall be paid. 

D-3733: This is my fault, I did this, I know. Please, stop telling me. I want to 
be alone. 

D-3733: [unintelligible vocalizations] 

D-3733: [sobs] I'm sorry, ma. 

[END LOG] 


Incident Log 2759-04: 

On ██/██/████, personnel on site at SCP-2759 reported the 
activation of SCP-2759-1 without external manipulation. No one was observed 
leaving or arriving from SCP-2759-1, it is unknown at this time who or what may 
have caused the artifact to activate. 

Exploration Log 2759-Eribu: 

Abstract: Exploration 2759-Eribu was approved after the events of Incident Log 
2759-04. The goal of the exploration was to ascertain the possible cause of 
SCP-2759-1's activation. Several attempts were made to send D-Class personnel 
through with surveillance equipment, but all failed to reconnect with Site 
Command post transversal. D-1212 was the next individual who successfully 
transitioned to SCP-2759-E1 with the equipment needed to remain in contact. The 
whereabouts of the other subjects are unknown. 

D-1212 was administered inert gas (nitrogen) while laying across the surface of 
SCP-2759-1, equipped with the same gear as in the previous log, plus an extra 
set of mountable cameras, one handheld camcorder, an extra flashlight and 
additional provisions. Audio contact was established twenty-one minutes after 
death. 

[BEGIN LOG] 

Once more, the camera's activation reveals SCP-2759-E1 and its fog-lined 
perimeter. The quality and unsteadiness of the feed implies the mountable 
cameras did not survive traversal into the anomaly. D-1212 is instructed to 
observe the rest of the temple exterior before entering the cella. Subject's 
breath is seen as they circumnavigate the center of the temple. 

D-1212: This place is giving me the spins. 

Control: Take as much time as you need. 

D-1212 rests for a moment before continuing onward. 

D-1212: You'll get me out of here if things go south? 

Control: We'll do everything we can to keep you safe. 

D-1212: Thank you. 

Coming around the side, another entrance into the temple is visible, farther 
down and out of view. In the video feed, a dark silhouette is seen peering out 
of the entrance. Subject starts towards it, wordlessly, and the entity 
disappears into the structure. D-1212 approaches the entryway and points the 
camera into the darkness. She pauses, then pulls off her pack and looks inside, 
taking out a flashlight and switching it on. 

The hallway is wide but low, dipping down before ending at a left turn. More 
cuneiform imagery is seen on the walls, the symbols "mul" and "ki"9 are 
predominant, seen carved over the relief sculptures that were present before. 
The reason for this vandalism is unknown. 

D-1212: I don't know what these symbols are, but they feel.. loud? Familiar too. 
Hello? 

Control: Noted. We are analyzing the writing now. Please continue. 

Subject takes the turn to see it terminate in a small room of unknown purpose. 
In the center is a clay altar that looks like SCP-2759-1. D-1212 approaches it 
and places a hand on it. 

D-1212: Warm. Is this another one of those tables that you put me on? 

Control: It appears to be. 

Unknown: It is. 

D-1212 panics and swings around, dropping the camera. View is clouded with dust 
and lays askew, with two pairs of legs seen struggling. After a moment, the 
scuffle subsides. 

Unknown: Wait, stop- stop-Just- calm down! 

D-1212: The hell I will. Who are you? 

Unknown: [quiet, inaudible] 

D-1212: Thank goodness, but how? Why are you even here? 

Unknown: [quiet, inaudible] -number of dead folk that end up here, I mean 
wouldn't you? It's crowded enough here as is. [louder] Is Site Command in your 
ear? Can you tell them to contact O5-11, tell him MacLaughlin wants to speak 
with him. He'll know who I am. 

D-1212: Sure, but- wait, dead folk? Am I -? 

Subject is seen hyperventilating. Control attempts to contact O5-11 about the 
matter; no response is given. The entity10 is seen moving into view of the 
camera and approaching. He brushes the lens and sets the device on a ledge, 
facing the two. 

MacLaughlin: They didn't tell you? Jesus. Short answer is yes, but it's never 
that simple. What you are right now is an informational construct. It's what we 
all are, really- information. At present moment, your information is on a 
different substrate, or plane of existence, or whatever you want to call it. If 
it makes you feel any better, you won't be dead forever. At least, you won't be 
stuck here forever, which is obstensibly worse. Death is a blessing, don't take 
it for granted. 

D-1212: What do you mean? 

MacLaughlin: It- It's nothing to you. This is what you want, right here. 

MacLaughlin is seen producing a clay disk, roughly 15cm across. The object, now 
classified as SCP-2759-2, possesses a carving of an isosceles triangle but 
appears otherwise unremarkable. 

D-1212: And what is that? 

MacLaughlin: The way back. Well, it makes the way back, the right way back. 

D-1212: The right way? 

MacLaughlin: Trust me. We've been looking for this for a while. 

D-1212: We? How many more of you are there? 

MacLaughlin: Forty-something. 

MacLaughlin is seen approaching the altar and laying the disk flat on its 
surface. The altar hums, the symbol for "HALL/VESTIBULE" glowing bright. O5-11 
arrives onsite unannounced and assumes administrative control of the situation. 

MacLaughlin: Not where we want to go. Look here though. 

He turns the object like a dial, and as he does so, the light switches to 
"GARDEN", then to a new symbol where "UNDERNEATH" was present on SCP-2759-1, 
with the frequency of the hum audibly changing with each. 

MacLaughlin: There we are. 

D-1212: That'll take me back? 

MacLaughlin: Yeah. You go first. 

D-1212 scrambles onto the altar and lays down. 

MacLaughlin: This journey is much easier if you're already dead. Sorry I can't 
be more helpful. 

D-1212: What do you mean? 

MacLaughlin: It'll be quick, I promise. 

MacLaughlin is seen pulling out a small knife. Before D-1212 can react, he is 
seen pulling the subject's head back and slicing her cartoid artery in one 
motion. D-1212 quickly dies via blood loss, the altar reacting as expected not 
long after. 

MacLaughlin: It doesn't get easier. Let's hope this works. 

Once the altar stops function, they are seen pulling the corpse of D-1212 off 
the surface and laying down. They appear to fall immediately unconscious, the 
altar starting to hum only seconds later. 

Sixteen minutes later, D-1212 is found unconscious on the grounds of SCP-2759, 
SCP-2759-2 laying beside her. MacLaughlin is not found, and O5-11 debriefs 
several Level 5 members of Site Command. 

[END LOG] 


Addendum 2759-1: 

After the events of Exploration 2759-Eribu and with the assistance of O5-11, 
personnel assigned to the project were screened and reassigned as necessary. 
Select Foundation staff assigned to SCP-2759 were kept on the project and 
debriefed on the existence of a heretofore unknown Mobile Task Force consisting 
exclusively of incorporeal entities informational construct facsimiles of 
Foundation agents. These beings are able to freely travel via SCP-2759-1's 
anomalous properties utilizing an unknown vector.11 Using SCP-2759-E1 as a focal 
point, the O5 Council is now able to communicate with the deceased Mobile Task 
Force Omega-Zero ("Ará Orún") with relative ease to corroborate, plan and 
execute missions in a discreet and effective manner. 

Reclassified as Thaumiel on 04/10/2012 per request of O5-11. 

Exploration Log 2759-Anzu: 

Abstract: On 09/13/2012, an exploration of SCP-2759-E1 and SCP-2759-1's 
alternate destinations was approved by O5-11. A team of five members from MTF 
ω-0 were selected to travel to SCP-2759-E1, set up a small short-term camp, 
then split up into teams to explore both remaining destinations and, if 
possible, find another instance of SCP-2759-1 to return with. Kits packed with 
standard Mobile Task Force gear and redundant sets of audiovisual surveillance 
equipment were placed on SCP-2759-1 during transport. 

After one hour of radio silence, it was assumed that none of the broadcast 
equipment successfully transferred to SCP-2759-E1. Two weeks after the start of 
the exploration, a personal log book of the late agent Richard Larenz was 
discovered on the grounds of SCP-2759. 



Footnotes 

1. A name which translates roughly to "Temple whose foundation emanates aura". 

2. Translated roughly as "TRANSPORT/MOVEMENT, GARDEN, HALL/VESTIBULE, 
UNDERNEATH" 

3. As of ██/██/████, inert gases will now be used for ease of 
testing and subject comfort. 

4. Audio broadcasting equipment averages at a 27% rate of success, cameras/video 
equipment 18%, with more sensitive equipment yielding an average 10% chance of 
transference. 

5. Average rate of transference for a basic weapon (Tactical knife): 3.4% 

6. Sumerian for "[To] live in darkness". 

7. Sumerian. Roughly "On this road, whose course has no way back, the dead will 
outnumber the living." 

8. "abyss/ocean" 

9. "Mulki" meaning "A celestial body which has been separated/cleaved/broken. 

10. Later identified as Agent ███████ MacLaughlin, determined KIA 
on ██/██/████ following a containment breach of SCP-███. 

11. Recovered materials suggest SCP-2759-E1 is likely entirely construct in 
nature, however, the "realness" of its reality is still subject of debate, as 
well as our own, for that matter. 



VIEW PERSONAL LOG OF AGENT RICHARD LARENZ 


Personal Log of Richard Larenz

Personal Log of: Agent Richard Larenz, KIA 10/12/2009, member of
Mobile Task Force Omega-Zero ("Ará Orún")

Date: 9/13/2012

Travel to the Underneath was successful for the most part. No
broadcast equipment made it through though. We decided to keep going
with the mission; the log books made it through no problem, and we
have one of those instant-print cameras. Apparently the lack of LCD
screens makes a big difference in this dimension, so we will use that
in the meantime. Three of our five two-ways made it, we are lucky to
even have that. Lowrie found one of the mircodrones in the pack, so
she is going to set it up and see if anything exists outside the
temple. Doubtful, but worth a look.

It's nice to inhabit a real body again. A real real body. Even if we
are dead, we are alive as we'll ever be in this place, which is more
than enough motivation to come out this way.

Who am I kidding? This place sucks. I'm hungry. Hungry! Haven't felt
that in a long time. The pangs are real though- almost as if I've been
starving myself for all these years. I wanted to plow through our
rations but MacLaughlin was right. We need to make it last. Apparently
the folk in this place won't succumb to hunger, but they'll feel the
pain of it. They're already dead too, aren't they?

We avoided the main shrine and set up a pop-up base camp near the
return altar. Vasilev and MacLaughlin are going to check out the
"GARDEN" destination, while Fontaine and I check out "VESTIBULE".
Vassi spent months pouring over the texts and learning the language,
and he has some theories as to where these places go. None of them are
good.

Date: 9/14/2012

Realized there is no way to tell time in this place. I swear
everything crawls by, but it's probably just me. MacLaughlin
supposedly asked for a few watches. None of them made the transition,
and our circadian rhythms haven't existed for years. Who needs sleep?
Not I, said the ghostly apparition. Oh well.

The first two set off today. Watching MacLaughlin tune the altar and
lie to sleep reminded me- we are really out of our depth here. Mobile
Task Forces undergo years of specialized training and experience with
their chosen field. We are a hodgepodge collective of the dead that
never die. Vasilev was a Junior Researcher before his death, I think.
Just a baby, taken hostage, forced to pour his mind out into a crystal
drinking glass only to get caught up in the assailant's crossfire and
Swiss cheese'd. I was there watching as his brain was forced out of
new holes in his head, but he wouldn't see me until a little later.
Swore I smelt it, the gray matter, the blood and cerebrospinal fluids
pooling and mixing around his mangled corpse.

There's one thing we all have in common though, one thing that makes
us almost invincible as a team: We aren't afraid to die. Been there,
done that.

In fact, I know a few Omega-Zeds that were grabbing at any chance they
could get to experience something other than what we are out there. I
don't blame them. So many of us want to die, to really die, and there
had to be a way out. Some tried erasing all traces of themselves, but
it didn't work. Not like intended, anyway. If you listen, you can
still hear them, screaming in unison, not at all closer to approaching
the veil than the rest of us. Good times.

I didn't want the suicidal bunch, so I took along four Orúns that
weren't about to dive headfirst into the maws of the void. Still, we
were giddy. Well, everyone except Vassi- he is always miserable. As
the altar finished working on MacLaughlin and his turn approached, I
watched as he traced his form, feeling the bridge of his nose, the
angle of his chin, the width of his forearm.

As if memorizing the shape of his coil.

In fear he might lose it again.

Fontaine and I decided it was time. Lowrie volunteered to be the one
who stayed behind to keep watch on the pop-up site and do some drone
surveillance. She has high coghaz tolerance and a morale most of us do
not possess, so we figured she would fare alright. The rest of us took
two radios and went our separate ways. We waited a bit for the first
two to contact us before setting off ourselves. Felt like forever, but
they called in eventually, both sounding very relieved. I was too.
Said they ended up in a grove of sorts. Lots of foliage, and it was
warm. Sounds like a dream.

It's odd, seeing the corpses of your teammates pile in the corner
while knowing that they are still very much alive (In whatever sense
"alive" is in this place). I couldn't keep myself from looking at
Vasilev's body, his blank, half-open eyes, glazed over with that milky
sheen only the dead can produce. Is that what we looked like? What did
they do with our bodies? I never checked.

Not that it matters. If all goes well, I'll be dead again in a minute.
See you on the other side.

Emerging from the void was like ripping the bandaid off of my gaping
existential wounds. I'm here, though.

I had this strange feeling right before I lost consciousness, like I
had remembered something. Can't tell you what it was exactly, but it
was important. Like one of those things you shouldn't forget,
shouldn't be able to forget. I felt it once before, when I died. When
I closed my eyes this time, that familiar dark engulfed me and I
forgot it just the same.

I woke up in what I can only describe as a hallway for gods. The roof
is immeasurably high, disappearing on occasion behind clouds that
linger near the very top. The walls I saw were littered with
cuneiform, and I almost instantly regretted not bringing Vassi. The
walls I didn't see, however, eluded us entirely. How big is this
place?

I was noting the windows, stained, ornate and perfect in design.
Colorful, not like the temple. Crafted by the hands of a power beyond
comprehension. Light poured in from outside, though all I saw was more
gray fog. The mind-bending is a little different here, not as
depressing. It's still there though, trying to push thoughts into my
head.

Went to take some photos and the camera is gone, hopefully the other
two have a copy of their own. Lowrie briefly checked in, said drone
surveillance revealed little so far. Said she might try the other sky
for clues. Took me a while to figure out what she meant. Fontaine
joined me not long after, and we decided to set up camp. We're finally
getting tired.

Sleep is for the weak. Too many nightmares. Fontaine had them too.
Shaken awake by the horrors of a long-dead mind, I righted myself to
see his rugged form fidgeting with a pack of cigarettes. He found out
a little while later that the lighter didn't survive the journey.

Fontaine was a Rat before he died. They always get the worst of it,
moribund in the depths of some hellhole. He knew nothing else. In
fact, his spirit had clawed its way out of that hole once his
teammates left him behind. He harbored no resentment though, claiming
he would have done the same.

"I was too far gone", he would say. "I was a liability."

Would he do the same to me? Could I do the same to him? Funny how even
your own death doesn't prepare you for the possibility of it happening
again.

The whispers are getting louder, so we've decided to move on.

Been wandering this place for a while. There doesn't seem to be an
end, but we know it isn't true. If there was one set of walls, the
others had to exist too. We're cursing ourselves for not just
following the wall itself, but I don't know how much that would've
helped.

It took a while for Vasilev and MacLaughlin to check in, apparently
they were hiding from something. Something big. They wouldn't, or
couldn't, elaborate on it much more. Vasilev says it's the Garden of
Babylon, and not the hanging one. Don't know what that means, maybe I
should have studied a bit more.

I worry about Lowrie.

We made a breakthrough today. Found a spiral staircase, going up. Not
necessarily where we want to go, we really just want to see whatever
else is in this place. No sign of a return altar. The architecture
doesn't seem even remotely Sumerian. In fact, it doesn't resemble
anything I've ever seen before. We are beginning to doubt we will find
a way back at this point.

At the top of the stairs, we got a nice view of the place. It has to
be dozens of kilometers across, maybe more. There's something in the
distance, some change in the layout that implies this place is not
actually endless. We found some cuneiform tablets too, transcribed the
symbols. I'll have Vasilev translate them if when we get back.

Note: See Recovered Materials Log 2759 for more information.

Radio silence. Not sure what to think. Fontaine is restless and
insists we keep moving.

Made it to the other side of the complex. Felt like days of walking,
but I have no frame of reference. The journey revealed a small temple
contained within this immense complex. Like a scaled-down version of
the Ziggurat itself. It felt like a joke, and it would have been funny
if it didn't have this ominous churning sound emanating from within,
something mechanical, perhaps. Fontaine and I are debating our next
plan of action.

We have decided to investigate. Since caves and corridors are his
specialty, Fontaine is leading. We waited a while to see if the noise
would subside on its own. It didn't. If anything, it's louder, and
changing. I hear the words in the sound now. It's our only lead, so
hopefully this isn't my last entry.

Ana biti sa eribusu, mituti ikkalu baltuti. Adi la basi alaku.1

I woke up just outside where the temple was- or where I thought it
was. Fontaine is gone. I don't know where he is. I don't remember
anything after following him into the structure, and that's gone too.
Maybe it was a hallucination. If that's the case, why hasn't the
churning stopped?

I need to leave. Find an exit. There is one. There's gotta be one.

Walked in a straight line until I hit a wall. The area is so dizzying
in size, I have no clue where I am. Followed it for a bit before I
heard something. Something large, footsteps echoing like cannon shots.
Hid like a child. Glanced out at one point an saw something bright,
radiant. Ineffable. It held a power so immense I could feel it
tangibly. Looking at it made my eyes hurt. It left shortly after.

I heard from Vasilev today, saying there are giants about. Gods, he
said. After my experience, I believe him. He had been holed up in the
forests there with MacLaughlin, waiting for them to pass. Still no
word from Lowrie. Running low on food.

Found what I believe is the front door of this place. It's huge, a
hundred meters tall. No way I can open that myself. I wonder if
Fontaine is still a ghost. Maybe he's finally moved on.

I think I found Fontaine. Or, what is left of him. Found an eyeball,
same green-brown iris and all. Bits of viscera blanket the columns and
floor. Where he may have stood, a large scorch mark is etched into the
ground. At least he is at peace.

Another one of them came today. Managed to slink by unnoticed, making
it to the door before it swung shut. The outside world is… wrong.
Disfigured. The complex appears to be a floating island of sorts, torn
apart from the rest of the world, which is also in pieces. An
orange-red moon hovers below. Nowhere to go. No food either, but it
won't kill me. Just hurt like a bitch.

Some good news: apparently Vasilev and MacLaughlin found another altar
and just managed to escape before almost getting caught. MacLaughlin
apparently has some burns from getting too close to one of them.
They're gonna pull him out once they get back.

I think I'm starting to lose myself to the cognitohazardous effects of
this dimension. I can somewhat understand the cuneiform now. It forms
concepts in my head when I stare at the symbols. I know I don't belong
here. I know I don't. Keep talking to myself, reassuring myself over
the constant yelling. I don't want to hear the message, theywe can't
make meyou [illegible scribbling].

No. No. It can't be.

Once there was a young, fledgling planet. On this planet lived a race,
the dawn of our lineage, proto-human but neo-human. Technologically
advanced due to their use of anomalous items and artifacts, they
mapped the landscape of the universe and unlocked great secrets. Means
to cover great distances, travel to other worlds, create them, even.
They worshiped the seven gods and the fifty immortal children, the
Annunaki.

[DATA EXPUNGED], a spiteful and jealous god, sought to end the human
race for its own pleasure. It had its own hand in the creation of the
sky. When it did so, it built a celestial body, massive and known only
to itself, putting the glowing sphere on a collision course for the
lonely, perfect little home of the humans. It took thousands of years
to align just right, but it was a spiteful god, not an impatient one.

By the time they realized their fate, it had been sealed. They knew
death was upon them.

In a last-ditch effort, they created large ships of strange metal,
looking to their artifacts for other worlds. One, a mysterious disk,
was studied and replicated in clay. Its destinations were tarnished by
Sin, but the mechanism intruiged them. It was brought to their eldest
temple, and upon the altar, presented the device before the Seven.
They, in an act of great mercy, blessed it with the means to bring
them together again with the power of a blood sacrifice.

Only a few made it to the other side. Two ships made it off-world, the
rest perished in flame. The Annunaki, distraught for the loss of the
human race, released their essence into the heavens. It reached out to
touch fifty individuals, granting them with immortality, with undeath
forevermore.

It can't be.

I see now that the island hovers in the heavens high above the
Underneath. There is no exit in sight for me. I'm going to toss this
book over the side and confront one of the seven. I'm not afraid of
annihilation. I welcome it.

I don't want to live forever. Tell O5-11 I'm sorry, I failed him.

According to the accounts of MacLaughlin and Vasilev, they had
retrieved the Foundation-issue leather-bound log book while searching
for Lowrie, who was not found. The drone video footage was discovered
near the camp. Nothing of interest is recorded for the first twelve
hours of observations. Lowrie is seen taking the drone to SCP-2759-E2.
After launch, the drone is piloted over the walls of the ruins to
reveal the shape to resemble a borehole, with similar holes found
strewn throughout the surrounding area. Piloting the drone across part
of the ocean, vocalizations are picked up sporadically, emanating from
the dark waters below. The drone cuts feed abruptly and is not
recovered.


Recovered Materials Log 2759:

Excerpts from recovered cuneiform texts, translated by Agent Pyotr
Vasilev.

…and when in the height, heaven was not named,
And neither the earth beneath bear itself,
And the primeval, the Apsu, who begat them,
And the chaos, the Tiamut, the mother of them both
Their waters were mingled together,
No field was formed, no marsh was to be seen;
When of the gods none had been called into being,
And none bore a name, and no destinies were ordained;
Then were created the gods in the midst…

…and as they drank from the waters,
they too became the sea,
they sing within the Valley,
without light.

…They who have slaughtered a god, together
I have imposed your toil on man.
In the clay, god and they shall be bound,
To a unity brought together, undying;
So that to the end of days,
The Flesh and the Soul,
which in a god have ripened–
in a blood-kinship be entwined…

…Upon the death, the god, the star
Broken upon the altar they wept and fled.
The great body of light, bound to man lay cleaved;
They, the fifty, the Annunaki, bore by seven,
The toil of man, forever in their suffering.
In death, the rapture is for the unclean.
And for the rest, they are the gods.



Footnotes

1. Roughly "The house within which the dead consume the living. Then
they become nothing."


