                                    SCP-4211                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  Memoirmento                                   
                                  -----------                                   

Item #: SCP-4211 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4211 is contained in a standard Safe-class 
locker. Class-W mnestics are suggested while working with SCP-4211 to mitigate 
the mild memetic hazards it possesses. Personnel documenting SCP-4211 are to be 
rotated on a monthly basis to prevent irreversible changes to cognitive 
function. 

Description: SCP-4211 is the collective designation for specific diary entries 
with cognitohazardous properties — these written works contain cognitohazards 
to prevent reading of the item's true content unless certain conditions are 
met.1 More specifically, the items encrypt their content via obfuscation, 
altering the text if the reader does not have access to the cipher key. 

The cipher key is morphogenetic2 resonance to an image and question prompt, 
presumably set by the author. In this way, only individuals with strong 
empathetic responses or similar brain function to the author may read the 
unaltered content of SCP-4211. 

Attempts to transcribe, discuss, or copy SCP-4211's content result in the same 
outcome: individuals that have sufficient mental alignment to the author to view 
the content ordinarily will be able to understand the transcription/speech, 
while those that do not will experience the false versions. Exposure to the 
content of SCP-4211, encrypted or not, may result in temporary symptoms of: 

Confusion 

Amnesia 

Headaches/Migraines 

Heightened levels of visual snow 

False memories 

Sleep paralysis 

Prosopagnosia3 

Hallucinations 

The diary containing SCP-4211 was found in the possession of Augustus Ehrlich 
Sr.4, though it is assumed it was purchased from a third party. Due to the 
self-concealing nature of the anomaly, research into the content of the notebook 
has been limited. However, handwriting analysis shows that the entries have had 
multiple authors, and meta-analysis shows recurring mentions of family members 
drowning, even if the individuals have no such history. 


Addendum 4211.1 — Transcripts 

► Access SCP-4211-1 Transcript ◄ 

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼ 

COGNITOHAZARDOUS MATERIAL WARNING

Mental alignment to factor [COGNITOHAZARD INTERCEPTED] required.

Please answer the following question honestly:

What stands out to you the most?

THE TREE	☐

THE FIELD	☐

THE SKY	☐

[✔] Mental alignment sufficient.


Diary Entry 1

Dear Diary, I guess? No, that doesn't feel right. I'm gonna have to
get used to using this. I'm not really sure what Grandpa was thinking
giving me this musty old diary. "To keep her memory alive"? What's
that supposed to mean? It didn't help that there was that weird photo
with Grandma on the front, even if it didn't look quite right. "DO YOU
REMEMBER WHAT SHE DID?" was written underneath.

You never really got over her, did you Grandad? I know you were
getting old, and you didn't have long left but– I guess I'm just not
over it. Looking through your diary, Grandpa, I don't really know what
to say. I don't know what that dementia did to you, but I can feel
what you were trying to get across in these notes.


I've been having some restless nights lately. I wake up in the middle
of the night aching and covered in sweat. I think I've been thrashing
around violently in my nightmares. The doctor has prescribed me some
tobacco leaves to help me with the stress, but my night terrors keep
coming.

Sometimes, when I wake, the nightmare hasn't let me go. I'm present,
but my body stays limp — almost as if it isn't mine. A figure in the
corner of my room reveals itself and whispers to me just out of sight.

I sit like that for hours sometimes, surrounded by this presence. She
watches over me.

These nightly encounters are leaving me weak and broken. I only want
to sleep, but my mind won't let me. Common sense says that I'm just
over-stressed, but some part of me feels like it's something more.

Maybe it's the speed of city life that's finally getting to me. They
say there's a bit of a speedbump once your twenties are over, doubly
so now that I only have myself to look after. I've lived here all my
life. Same as my parents. I think I'll take a country retreat until
I'm back on my feet.


I hope Dad's old swingset's still in the family oak tree.


► Access SCP-4211-2 Transcript ◄ 

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼ 

COGNITOHAZARDOUS MATERIAL WARNING

Mental alignment to factor [COGNITOHAZARD INTERCEPTED] required.

Please answer the following question honestly:

Where is this?

HOME	☐

HELL	☐

HOPE	☐

[✔] Mental alignment sufficient.


Diary Entry 2

There's something nostalgic about returning back to my roots. The
fresh country air and salty ocean breeze… it's peaceful. It gives me a
little energy to keep going despite everything. I feel a little more
complete.

I think my breathing's got a little easier since I got here. I'm
pretty sure my shoulders are more relaxed, too. There's security here
that just isn't found in the noise of the city; a calm I desperately
needed after so long. I might just come back here more often!

Nobody else is here right now. I guess they're probably on holiday?
What kind of son am I to not even know where my parents are? I'm
definitely going to have to apologise for that.

It's strange. Even though I'm alone, I don't feel lonely. It's
probably because I know they're not too far away. I really hope I see
them while I'm here though. I've not seen them since

(Can't remember right now. I'll finish it up in the morning. A couple
years, I think?)

The nights are cold, but I've lit a fire with some of Dad's leftover
coal (I'll be sure to replace it tomorrow, Dad!).

I'm finally home.


► Access SCP-4211-3 Transcript ◄ 

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼ 

COGNITOHAZARDOUS MATERIAL WARNING

Mental alignment to factor [COGNITOHAZARD INTERCEPTED] required.

Please answer the following question honestly:

How do you feel?

ALONE	☐

SCARED	☐

CONFUSED	☐

[✔] Mental alignment sufficient.


Diary Entry 3

I couldn't sleep. Fuck, I wish I could, but that… that shadow that I
feel in my nightmares. It's closer, somehow. Maybe it's because it's
getting dark, maybe because nobody's home. I'm just staying in front
of the fire in the living room until someone gets here. I don't think
I'll be able to sleep until someone does, at any rate. I think I'll
just sit here. Those tobacco leaves the doctor—

He screamed at me to get out of his house. When I said I was his son
he just went berzerk. I don't get it? Is this just some cruel joke? He
just disowns me before I can even tell him what I needed to get off my
fucking chest?! He just waves a gun in my face and kicks me out of my
own house?!

I'm driving back home. Asshole threw me straight into a pile of mud.
It's gonna take me about an hour to get back and shower, so I'll
probably finish ranting when I'm done. Holy shit


Something's wrong

I need a doctor

I just went to the bathroom and that's not my face

These aren't my hands

But I remember… the scar on my little finger— I got that one from a
can opener. And the one on the back of my hand. That one was from the
neighbours' dog. They had to put it down. The one on my forehead— when
I got into that car accident.

My parents lived in the city their whole life.

Whose house was that?


That person wasn't Dad. He wasn't old enough to be. But that was
definitely my parent's house was it?

It was David, my uncle– Grandma left him the house in her will after
she died. Why did I think it was my house? I've never been here
before.


► Access SCP-4211-4 Transcript ◄ 

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼ 

COGNITOHAZARDOUS MATERIAL WARNING

Mental alignment to factor [COGNITOHAZARD INTERCEPTED] required.

Please answer the following question honestly:

Can you trust your memory?

YES	☐
NO	☐
I AM UNSURE	☐

[✔] Mental alignment sufficient.


Diary Entry 4

Do you remember getting lost in the mall? The frantic, desperate
search for a single hand in a sea of adults? The world span as I
struggled between all the adults who didn't even look my way.

Do you remember the car crash? That's where I got the scar on my
forehead. I cracked my skull and they had to seal it with some kind of
glue. I remember how the world slowed down, and the force of my
seatbelt crushing into my chest. I remember the searing pain spread
across my face as my skull fractured.

Do you remember our joyride? I remember breaking in and driving around
town for hours before I ran out of gas. Me and my friends had never
been happier; no cares in the world.


Mom said I never got lost in a mall

she was very proud of that fact


I was 3 when I was in the car crash


my friends don't remember any joyriding

None of us even know how to break into a car.


Have they all forgotten? Or is it me who I can't trust?

But my memories are all I have. I have to trust them. If I lose my
memories... then who would I be?



I don't remember anything in this diary. I didn't write any of it.
None of this happened to me. Then why does it feel so familiar?




Was she a figment of my imagination too?


I need to see her. I need to know.


Footnotes 

1. If mental alignment is not achieved, a pre-recorded entry by the same author 
will be seen instead. 

2. DEFINITION — Morphogenetics: The theory that memory is inherent in nature, 
and memories can be shared among populations without direct contact. For more 
information, see Sheldrake, R; (1966) "The Noosphere, Morphogenetic Fields, and 
the Akashic Records" The Foundation Journal of Mental Sanitation vol 7(1) pages 
1-14. 

3. A neurological condition characterized by the inability to recognize the 
faces of familiar people. 

4. POI-9873 (deceased). Multiple SCP objects were discovered in his possession 
upon his death. 



► Access SCP-4211-█ Transcript ◄ 

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼ 

COGNITOHAZARDOUS MATERIAL WARNING

Mental alignment to factor [COGNITOHAZARD INTERCEPTED] required.

Please answer the following question honestly:

DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT SHE DID?

OF COURSE	☑

I OWE HER	☑

EVERYTHING	☑

[✔] She's calling for you, even now.


Diary Entry 5

The shadow lead me here. Back to where my life ended. Back to where my
life was saved. I finally realised who the shadow was, leading me
back. It was you, wasn't it Katie?

I remember you, Katie. Nobody else does. I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry

Like a swan on the lake.




You watched me from the shadows, didn't you?


Do you miss me? Do you hate me? Are you calling me or haunting me, Katie?

It doesn't matter. I know what you want.

You want me to go back

You want me to go back in there with you.

Yes, I hear you Katie.

I hear you

Thank you for waiting

I hear you

I hear you

I will wade waist-deep through the mud









I will swim into the ice cold waters

I will be pulled under again

But you won't pull me out this time





You won't die for me this time

And the nightmares will end




And I get to be with you again





































Of course I'm not mad

























































Of course I remember you.



































I missed you.





















I still love you



































It doesn't matter if I'm not who I was



Or if you aren't either













I came back

