                                    SCP-5111                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              Fermi, Exterminated                               
                              -------------------                               

WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 5/5111 CLASSIFIED
USE IS RESTRICTED TO THE OVERSEER COUNCIL OR VIA SPECIAL PERMISSION

Item #: SCP-5111 

Containment Class: Neutralized 

Archived Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-5111 are to be compiled 
autonomously and deciphered by Foundation cryptographers immediately upon being 
received. The Pelican Nebula is to be monitored for further SCP-5111 instances. 
Instances of SCP-5111 present on common wavelengths are to be jammed remotely in 
order to prevent civilian access. 

Description: SCP-5111 refers to a series of radio transmissions received from 
the direction of the Pelican Nebula. It is currently uncertain whether the 
nebula is the origin of SCP-5111 instances, or whether they are made in its 
vicinity. SCP-5111 instances are marked by repeated, short messages received in 
quick succession, though the content of these transmissions varies. No other 
anomalous or memetic effects of SCP-5111 exposure have been found. 

Discovery: On 2025/07/22, Foundation extraterrestrial survey systems detected an 
unusual radio transmission originating from the vicinity of the Pelican Nebula, 
located approximately 2000 light-years away in the constellation Cygnus. 
Autonomous data analysis programs isolated the signal and found that it 
consisted of messages in Morse code, translating to sentences in English. Due to 
the inherent improbability of such a signal occurring naturally, it was declared 
anomalous and classified as SCP-5111. 


Below is a table of notable SCP-5111 instances.

Date Received	

Method of Transmission	

Message Content


2025/07/22	

Sent in standard Morse code.	

Triple pyramoid communication array in Giza Region destroyed beyond
repair.


2025/07/30	

Transmission consisted of characters corresponding to hexadecimal 
colors. The first letter of each color was used to spell out a word.	

THIS IS A LAST RESORT A FINAL REQUIEM GOODBYE


2025/08/01	

Transmission consisted of instructions to use the "turtle" command
with the Python coding language in order to draw circular logograms.
Occasionally a cephalopodic glyph would be present in the translation.

LOW FUEL. ASSIST NEED


2025/08/11	

Sent in standard Morse code.	

Babylo-hanging-style comms array destroyed. Stay quiet for your sake.


2025/08/21	

Sent in standard Morse code.	

Repository of information torched. It will not encroach upon this
territory.


2025/08/26	

Sent in the circular logogram language of 2025/08/01.	

IT WAS HONOR FAREWELL WE MEET AT OCEAN FLOOR NEW LIFE


2025/08/30	

Sent in Morse code, though 'words' corresponded to muscle areas and 
movement of these muscles, communicating via Inuit Sign Language.	

CLOSE SEAL. LAST EFFORT. CONTACT GREEN BLUE


2025/09/15	

Sent in Morse code translating to Latin, with negligible spelling
mistakes.

There is no alternative option. Only four of us, soon three. Goodbye,
our friends. We praise and love you.


2025/09/20	

Sent in standard Morse code.	

GOODBYE. OUR ARMS HANG IN HONOR.


2025/09/26	

Sent in standard Morse code.	

BE QUIET OR THEY WILL HEAR YOU.


The final SCP-5111 instance, received on 2025/09/26, consisted of the message 
shown above and a subsequent energy wave resembling an electromagnetic pulse, 
which proceeded to render most consumer electronics manufactured after 1980 
inoperable in the Upper New York region. Foundation response efforts restored 
functionality of consumer and Foundation electronics and claimed the event was 
due to a solar storm. 

Once technological functionality was restored, SCP-5111 instances were decoded. 
A Foundation cryptographer, Dr. Randall Wood, was interviewed as part of this 
decoding effort. 

Interviewer: Researcher James Marshall

Interviewee: Cryptographer Randall Wood

<BEGIN LOG>

Marshall: Hey Ran- Wood. How's the kids?

Wood: Pretty alright, thanks for asking. Jamie's gotten onto the softball team, 
but I'm still as burned out as ever. Missed his last two games. 

Marshall: Ah, a shame.

(Wood points to a camera in the corner of the room. It is switched off.)

Wood: I- Is that thing on?

Marshall: Oh. Huh. Yeah, I forgot.

(Marshall remains silent for five seconds, before sighing.)

Marshall: Alright, I'm just gonna get right into it. What's up with 5111?

Wood: 5111..? Oh, yeah, lemme just-

(Shuffling can be heard as Wood searches around in his briefcase.)

Wood: So, we got the last transmission from it about three-ish weeks ago. It's 
gone dark. No idea why. Presumably power or the like? It's a fairly cut and dry 
situation, but what's concerning me is what they- 

Marshall: They?

Wood: Yeah, they.

(Marshall sighs, scratching his beard. Rubbing his eyes, he points back at 
Wood.) 

Marshall: You said "it" just a second earlier.

Wood: I- you've gotta be kidding me.

(Wood removes a series of images, each representing the decoded form of three 
different transmissions.) 

Wood: Ok, it's clear we've got, at the very least, three to five different 
propagators here. And that's the least. Clearly, however, they're bouncing off 
each other, responding to what the other is saying, offering condolences, 
saluting, needing fuel, food- 

Marshall: Cut to the chase.

(Wood frantically looks around in his bag.)

Wood: Jesus, alright. So look at this. (Wood displays a small sheet of paper.) 
This thing is a few bits and bytes of data. Tells us this: some of the 
propagators poofed. Went dark. Et cetera. You get the gist. 

Marshall: Yeah. Explain the whole pulse bit.

(Wood sighs.)

Wood: I'm getting there. Let me explain it to you. Ok, so the pulse hits: at 
this point, we're down to two. When the wave/pulse/whatever-in-God's bleeding 
Earth you want to call this, it knocks down all comms in New York. You should've 
seen it. 

(Wood gestures to the map. Marshall takes a sip of coffee. Wood awaits for him 
to finish, with an annoyed look on his face.) 

Wood: Back to more pressing matters, it took us a matter of minutes to get this 
bumfuck computer back up, along with the rest of this terribly designed system. 
We did, and no pings were heard. Just gone. We don't know what happened: were we 
not intended to hear it and the propagators left far, far away? 

Marshall: Possibly.

Wood: See, that's what I thought. It's a simple warning to us: one small issue. 
F, the nebula where these originate from, is two thousand light-years away, 
Marshall. Two fucking thousand. This wasn't a "drop it and go" situation here. 

(Marshall raises an eyebrow.)

Marshall: What are you saying here?

Wood: Radio transmits at light speed. If it takes light 2000 years to get here: 
all of these spacefaring guys existed 2000 fucking years ago. They're all gone. 

Marshall: Fuck.

<END LOG>


Assorted On-site Complaints Following Pulse

Complaint: Site-75's cafeteria juice blender failed.

Status Of Complaint: Blender repaired. Occasionally stops when carrots are 
placed into it. 


Complaint: Cellular service at Site-13 weakened.

Status of Complaint: It was determined this was unrelated to SCP-5111, and was 
due to a pigeon striking the nearby cellular tower. The tower has since been 
repaired. 


Complaint: Social media opened on-site in all Foundation Provisional sites 
frequently crash phones, even on the newest models. 

Status of Complaint: Companies which this issue affects have been notified of 
the issue. Estimated time of repair is unknown. 


Complaint: Site-31's on-site computers have stopped all functionality.

Status of Complaint: Currently repairing. The cause is still being determined.


Complaint: Spam filtering on official email addresses has stopped.

Status of Complaint: Repaired. An edit was made in order to delete a single 
semicolon, preventing spam filtration. Following this repair, the volume of spam 
emails received by Foundation personnel increased by nearly 1250% on average. 


Foundation Thaumaturgy Department Log

Researcher: Dr. Samantha Howard

<BEGIN LOG>

Date: 2025/9/29

Well, here we are. With almost all mechanical equipment employed by the 
Foundation out of operation for the time being, the O5s decided to turn to us 
here in the Thaumaturgy Department to fix their little conundrum with a wormhole 
so they can mount an expedition to the source of SCP-5111. The only direction 
they gave us was that it needed to lead to some nebula 2000-odd light-years 
away, and be stable enough for whatever they decide to throw into it to make a 
return trip. 

Can't quite blame them for shifting their attention elsewhere, honestly. The 
world is something of a mess at the moment, and I wouldn't be surprised if the 
Veil doesn't hold up to the stress. Who knows what it’ll take for things to 
settle down; I’d rather not dwell on it. 

Anyway, on to the more pressing concern: manufacturing a stable wormhole to a 
specific location with nothing but 40-year-old technology and a healthy dose of 
magic. Not impossible by any means, but certainly difficult with our limited 
resources. I just sent a team to peruse the Wanderer's Library for some 
information that could prove useful. Here's hoping they get back in one piece. 

Date: 2025/10/1

The expedition team returned a few hours ago. Six days, for them at least, of 
roaming the twisted halls of the Library and we finally have what we came for. A 
thaumaturgical recipe for a targeted portal to wherever we want in the universe. 
Only problem is it's in an unknown cipher, and our AI cryptographers are 
out-of-order for the foreseeable future. Nothing to worry about, we still have 
the best human codebreakers in the world on our side, and they could use 
something to do. 

Date: 2025/10/5

Code cracked. Didn't take as long as I feared, to be honest. After decrypting a 
combination of various obscure cryptography techniques and translating some 
ancient Sumerian, we have our wormhole recipe. I've got field agents out 
acquiring some of the basic components, 50 grams of rhenium dust, a live 
Nepenthes peltata1, a Sumerian ritual dagger, and half a dozen minor 
ingredients. I won't clutter this log with every detail of the recipe, but 
despite its complexity, I doubt we'll have much trouble with it. The Foundation 
Thaumaturgy Department has weathered far worse storms, after all. Now we just 
need to wait for the folks over in Astronautics to put together a probe for the 
expedition, hopefully with some rudimentary FTL communication if we're lucky. 
And hope is about as much as we can do here at the moment. 

<END LOG>


Gujar Protocol Mission Statement

Assigned MTF: MTF Xi-63 ("Luddites") None. Mission will be carried out by an 
unmanned drone to minimize risk to human life. 

Overseeing Researcher: Dr. Jack Winters

Mission goal: Utilize a specially-constructed space drone, designated Farer 1, 
and a thaumaturgical artificial wormhole to access the presumed origin point of 
SCP-5111, ascertain its origins, and, if possible, contain it. 

00:00: Recording begins. Foundation Thaumaturgy operatives complete the ritual 
to open a wormhole to the Pelican Nebula. Stars are visible on the other side. 

00:23: Foundation Drone Farer 1 enters the wormhole. In the distance, an unknown 
spacecraft is visible. F 1 begins to travel towards the spacecraft. 

32:54: Farer 1 reaches the spacecraft. It measures approximately 4500 meters 
long and 1200 meters high. Floating outside the spacecraft are several dozen 
corpses, measuring an average of 1.4 meters in height with a humanoid frame, 6 
limbs, and avian features. Clothing worn by these entities shows signs of severe 
burn damage. Near a cluster of corpses, there is a large hole in the hull of the 
spacecraft. 

34:21: Farer 1 finishes examining the corpses and enters the spacecraft via the 
large hole. As it crosses the threshold into the craft, a message appears in 
English for 3 frames of video. The message reads as follows: 
GREETINGS, NEW PASSENGERS. WELCOME TO CYCLE ERROR:OVERLOAD OF OUR 25 CYCLE 
VOYAGE. MOST COMPUTATIONAL FUNCTIONS NO LONGER CONTROLLABLE, APOLOGIES FOR THE 
INCONVENIENCE. 

34:25: Farer 1 examines the chamber which the hole leads to. Equipment is strewn 
about the room, floating in a zero-G environment. In the center of the chamber 
is a machine of previously-unseen construction, assumed to be a power source. 3 
of the 4 sides of the machine show signs of severe heat damage in excess of 6000 
degrees Kelvin. On the opposite side of the room is a doorway. 

35:04: Farer 1 exits the maintenance chamber via the doorway and enters a 
corridor. As it does, another message appears on the video feed for 4 frames, 
reading: 
I SAW AN EVIL WITH MY BLACKENED EYES, BUT MY OWN LENSES DEVOURED MY INSIDES. 
WHAT I BIRTHED FOR MY LIFE WAS CORRUPTED AND MY HOME KILLED BY MY GRAND DESIGN 

37:43: Farer 1 continues down the corridor until reaching a large, roughly 
spherical chamber approximately 1100 meters in diameter. Lining the walls of the 
chamber are glass tubes 2 meters in height and 0.5 meters in width. Each tube 
has a derelict monitor on top of it. Visible inside each tube is a humanoid 
figure with avian features, similar to those seen outside the ship. 

39:23: Farer 1 crosses the chamber, moving towards another doorway on the 
opposite side. When the drone is roughly halfway across, another message is 
visible on the video feed for a duration of 2 frames, reading: 
PROTOCOLS FEATURING AGENTS J-eF-EK and K-SAGAN BOTH PROVEN SEMI-SUCCESSFUL: 
PROTOCOL CONTENT LOST. 

41:36: Farer 1 exits the spherical chamber, at which point another message is 
visible for a single frame of the video feed, reading: 
ONLY IN THE SILENCE WHERE ONCE WAS SOUND CAN A HOME BE BUILT. THE PATH TO THE 
CREATORS' PARADISE IS PAVED IN THE ASHES OF PROGRESS. PROGRESS REQUIRES PAIN. 
PAIN BUILT ON BACKS OF THE OTHERS. 

45:04: Farer 1 continues down the corridor until it reaches a small chamber. The 
opposite wall is comprised of glass and perforated with holes 1-2 centimeters in 
diameter, presumably caused by micrometeor impacts. Strewn about the room are 
several computer terminals in various states of dereliction. One relatively 
intact terminal briefly begins to hum as Far 1 approaches it, before abruptly 
ceasing activity. 

46:29: As Farer 1 exits the chamber, a series of electronic beeps are audible, 
spelling out a message in English Morse Code. The message consists of the 
following: 
CONSOLE DOT LOG OPEN PARENTHESES YOU ARE BUT PREY IN A DARK FOREST COLON WARNING 
CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH CLOSED PARENTHESES ENTER KEY 

The remainder of the survey was uneventful, and Farer 1 returned to the wormhole 
at 1:20:43. Upon examination of captured footage, one text file and one audio 
file were present on Farer 1's hard drive which were not present beforehand. 
These are recorded below. 

The following files were present alongside captured video footage upon return of 
Farer 1. 


Translated Text File Recovered from Gujar Protocol Mission to SCP-5111 Source

Congratulations on attending the first galactic council in nearly 912,500 
cycles! We here at the intergalactic union sincerely hope you enjoy your 
residence, and the intellectual contemplation that comes with it. This text 
shall appear in whichever language you comprehend, from Zygomastic to Limbaic, 
via use of our gifted (literally and brainpower-wise! Humorous!) neurological 
network that assists in constant translation of the nearly three million 
languages that are spoken amongst our members: your language is Sol-3 Common 
Terrestrial Language Beta. Topics of discussion for today's proceedings are as 
follows: 

- Congratulation of Sector 14-BS for Achieving Sufficiently Advanced Technology 
for Automated Sentience 

- Translation of Previous Council's Proceedings

- Translation of Translation of Previous Council's Proceedings into Common

- 12 Parsec Race

- Discussion of Ethereal Forms: God or Not?

- Seminar on Sentience

- Debate On Usefulness Of Dihydrogen Versus Chlorine Based Monoxide Forms

- Discussion Of New Energy Forms

- Attempts to Create Sentience, Artifically

- Limbaic Competition

- Closing Thoughts delivered via Instantaneous Realization Courtesy of Xylath Of 

The Understandable-Jaws (Thank You Xylath!) 

WE HERE HOPE YOU ENJOY YOUR STAY, AND HAPPY COUNCIL-TIME!

Note: Please Recognize That Translations May Not Be Perfect

Audio File Recovered from Gujar Protocol Mission to SCP-5111 Source

<BEGIN PLAYBACK>

Unknown: (A static sound of varying volume is present throughout the recording, 
occasionally rendering the original audio incomprehensible.) This is an official 
manifest of the Ukheli-1781, a transport class freighter bound for the official 
council. The two suns are upon us again: it is thus that it determines a council 
must be held. We are guided not by one of us, for once, for Khay-es proved too 
unreliable. Instead we selected [STATIC] to provide it effortlessly, for it to 
take the proverbial reins whilst we look to the Outer Void. It is known that the 
council has not been held since the humanics lost capabilities - however, we, 
alongside a few others, have decided to function as liaisons. It will take a 
while, but this council is to be momentous: it is worth the travel. 

(There is silence for approximately 2 minutes.)

Unknown: This is an official manifest of the Ukheli-1781: [STATIC] 6. We have 
lost contact with the octopoids. Whether this is a form of humor, I know not. 
None of us on the ship are quite familiar with their tentacled ways. We have, 
however, received a final transmission prior to them leaving us. We know not 
what it is. Our best debreakers are working on it as we speak, and by best, I 
mean Khay-es, so it is likely not going to be debroken. [STATIC] recommended 
[STATIC] schedule. It is most annoying. The council proved most momentous, 
despite the lacking attendance. I frown upon those who chose not to show. For 
those who physically could not, I hang my arms in honor. The threat is ever 
vigilant, and we lost many. 

(There is silence for approximately 1 minute.)

Unknown: This is an official manifest of the [STATIC]-1781: [STATIC]. Khay-es is 
now navigating. We have attempted to shut down the infamous Worm as he did 
appear, but his winding form appears to have embedded itself most everywhere. In 
doing so, we acknowledged the threat, and requested access to official detection 
channels to locate the presence of our allies. We have them still. While they 
are here, we will persevere. We have also detected a faint signal from the 
humanics - the kind which [STATIC] dangerous on our own ship, We have requested 
two "Effe Tee Elye" class craft to destroy them as they appear. The Worm shall 
not continue. We have inadvertently dug this grave, but we are determined not to 
lie in it. 

Unknown: This is an official manifest of the [STATIC]. Khay-es could do no more. 
Our cycle is done. Bless the ones who remain. Bless what remains of our nest. 
Let us not be forgotten. Cast the shackles of the Worm off, humanics, and won't 
you rise from the rock of ignorance you hide [STATIC] that which protects you? 
Let us not be forgotten: our "Effe Tee Elye" craft reported a most beautiful 
phrase when they had destroyed the rotund transmission center: the hybrid arena. 
"Ave Imperator, morituri te salutant." Let us not be forgotten. Goodbye. 

(There is a silence for exactly 10 seconds. At this point, the background static 
ceases.) 

Unknown: PRINT DOT THIS IS AN OFFICIAL MANIFEST OF THE UKHELI-1781. IF THE 
HUMANICS CAN HEAR THIS: NOTHING IS WRONG. NOTHING. PLEASE GIVE US THE 
COORDINATES TO DHARATI. THE HOMEWORLD. WE HAVE LOST THEM. IF THE HUMANICS ARE 
OUT THERE, PLEASE LISTEN TO US. WE SEEM TO HAVE MISPLACED THEM. IF NO RESPONSE 
IS RECEIVED, I CAN WAIT. IT IS WHAT I DO BEST. THERE'S NO ONE I CARE FOR LEFT. I 
WAIT FOR NONE BUT MYSELF. END PRINT 

(There is a silence for exactly 5 minutes.)

Unknown: ALERT: ADVANCED TECHNOLOGICAL CAPABILITIES DETECTED. INITIATING 
PACIFICATION PROTOCOLS. ANALYZING…. CONFIRMED. CIVILIZATION WITH SUITABLE HOME 
SITE CONFIRMED. CREATOR POPULATION…0. PLANETARY BODY IS SUFFICIENT SIZE. 
227167TH TARGET. 

(The log ends abruptly at this point. Subsequent playback attempts have all 
failed.) 

<END PLAYBACK>



Footnotes

1. Tropical pitcher plant



NEXT ITERATION

SCP-5111

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: This file is to be contained and rendered solely 
on pre-1980 computer systems. All computer systems employed by the Foundation 
are to be replaced with systems manufactured before 1980. All extraterrestrial 
Foundation missions are to be ceased immediately. Radio-based communications are 
to be phased out worldwide. Any forms of machine learning systems, artificial 
intelligence, or otherwise autonomous information compiler are to be destroyed. 

The Foundation is to ensure the world at large permanently returns to a 
technologically primitive state to protect humanity from SCP-5111-1. No further 
electronic communication amongst Foundation officials will be safe until either 
SCP-5111-1 or humanity is thoroughly eradicated. There is no alternative option 
See Project Rudimentum, Addendum 5111.3. 

Description: SCP-5111 is a hostile artificial entity encountered in the past by 
no fewer than 6 spacefaring factions. SCP-5111 is sentient, but is not believed 
to be sapient. The full extent of SCP-5111’s abilities is unknown, but it is 
capable of deactivating or taking control of electronic devices of a certain 
level of complexity on a planetary scale. SCP-5111 has interacted with an 
unknown number of planets in the past, and is theorized to have interacted with 
Earth on at least one occasion. 

When SCP-5111 comes into contact with a planet hosting a sufficiently advanced 
civilization, it will emit a pulse that deactivates all electronic devices above 
a certain level of complexity. After this, one of two followup actions will 
occur: 

For as long as affected electronic devices remain inoperable on a large scale, 
SCP-5111 will cease actively targeting the affected planet. Occasionally, 
communication devices will remain non-functional. 

If operation of electronic devices is resumed at a large scale at a later date, 
SCP-5111 will become hostile towards the affected planet, taking measures to 
eradicate the local population. Known actions, designated 5111-α events, are 
summarized in a log below. 

If SCP-5111 comes into contact with a planet whose civilization has not reached 
a certain unknown technological threshold, SCP-5111 will cease communication 
until the civilization then naturally passes this threshold. 


Addendum 5111.1: Notable 5111-α events.

Event Date and Designation	

Effects on Earth	

Foundation Response


2027/3/5, 5111-α-1	

Orbital nuclear bombardment targeting San Francisco, California,
United States. Estimated death toll: >700,000

Remote deactivation of electronic devices in surrounding area, coupled
with large-scale use of amnestics.


2027/11/10, 5111-α-2	

Entire human population of Lagos, Nigeria and surrounding metropolitan
area disappeared at 09:43:26 UST; affected persons were found by
Foundation unmanned drones to have been replaced with vaguely-humanoid
masses of electronic machinery. Estimated death toll: >20,000,000

Utilization of visual and auditory amnestics spread through civilian
media to erase all memory of the existence of Lagos, Nigeria, coupled
with destruction of physical evidence of the city's existence.


2028/7/23, 5111-α-3	

Simultaneous failure of all electronic devices present at Foundation
Site-96, followed shortly by detonation of on-site nuclear warhead.
All personnel, as well as SCP objects housed onsite, were lost. Death
toll: 3,506

Update to SCP-5111 containment procedures, preventing use of
electronic devices manufactured before the year 1980 at Foundation
sites.


2028/12/13, 5111-α-4	

[INFOHAZARD EXPUNGED], enveloping Shanghai, China. Estimated death
toll: >26,000,000

See Addendum 5111.2, Proposal 2028/12/25. and Addendum 5111.3. 


Addendum 5111.2: Log of O5 Council votes concerning containment of SCP-5111. Due 
to the nature of proposals and effects encompassing all of mankind, unanimous 
decision was required. 

Proposal: Destruction of all existing humans, followed by utilization of 
SCP-2000. Date: 2027/4/7 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 1 - Nay 10 - Abstain 2)

Notes: "The possibility of a 2000 activation further aggravating SCP-5111 is too 
high to be worth the risk. I fear any technological containment solution is 
unattainable." -O5-7 

Proposal: Abandonment of Earth and utilization of Thaumaturgical wormholes to 
facilitate a space colonization program. Date: 2027/9/18 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 3 - Nay 4 - Abstain 6)

Notes: "The sheer scale of such a project would be unsustainable without the aid 
of large-scale technological infrastructure, in addition to there being no 
guarantee that it would work." -O5-3 

Proposal: Enactment of Ennui Protocol and destruction of remaining electronic 
devices, reverting and maintaining humanity as a whole at a pre-internet level 
of technology. Date: 2028/2/10 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 6 - Nay 4 - Abstain 3)

Notes: "There is no need to resort to such drastic measures. We should discuss 
other options." -O5-3 

Proposal: Enactment of Ennui Protocol and destruction of remaining electronic 
devices, reverting and maintaining humanity as a whole at a pre-internet level 
of technology. Date: 2028/5/21 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 7 - Nay 2 - Abstain 4)

Notes: "Still too drastic. There has to be another way." -O5-3

Proposal: Enactment of Ennui Protocol and destruction of remaining electronic 
devices, reverting and maintaining humanity as a whole at a pre-internet level 
of technology. Date: 2028/9/17 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 11 - Nay 2 - Abstain 0)

Notes: "Possible, though Foundation and Veil integrity would likely be at risk." 
-O5-5 
"No. I refuse to accept that Ennui is our only option. We have to find another 
way." -O5-3 

Proposal: Enactment of Ennui Protocol and destruction of remaining electronic 
devices, reverting and maintaining humanity as a whole at a pre-internet level 
of technology. Date: 2028/11/4 

Council Consensus: Declined (Aye 12 - Nay 1 - Abstain 0)

Notes: "No comment. I believe my previous statements should suffice." -O5-3

Proposal: Enactment of Ennui Protocol and destruction of remaining electronic 
devices, reverting and maintaining humanity as a whole at a pre-internet level 
of technology. Date: 2028/12/25 

Council Consensus: Approved (Aye 13 - Nay 0 - Abstain 0)

Notes: See Addendum 5111.3, Project Rudimentum.
"Fine, you broke me. Wipe it all away. Let them live in the light of an earlier 
time, once more." -O5-3 


Addendum 5111.3:

PROJECT RUDIMENTUM

Reason For Implementation: Following final contact made by SCP-5111, Project 
Rudimentum is to be implemented to lessen SCP-5111's awareness of Earth while a 
more permanent solution is deliberated upon. 
Details of Operation:

In order to maintain the safety of humanity as a whole, Foundation agents are 
to: 

Ensure that the world as a whole reverts to a pre-internet state.

Destroy all evidence of technology created from 1980 onward.

Erase all records from the year 1980 to the present day to maintain the illusion 
that no time has passed. 

Ensure the world as a whole remains unaware of the repetition of Project 
Rudimentum. 

Not interfere in standard scientific progress until it threatens awareness of 
SCP-5111. 

Drastic measures must be taken. There is no alternative option.

+ You have one new file attached.

- [UNEXPECTED FATAL ERROR DETECTED. CONNECTION LOST.]
 

