                                    SCP-5235                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 Thief of Time                                  
                                 -------------                                  

Item #: 5235 

Object Class: Neutralized 

Special Containment Procedures: A satellite dish aimed towards the nearest known 
Way1 has been erected at Site-64 due to its proximity to Nexus FP-01 (Three 
Portlands). All transmissions are to be logged and scanned for mentions of "the 
Foundation" or "Thaddeus Xyank". These records are only to be made available to 
staff with level 5 (or Δ) access. 

Due to SCP-5235 appearing to civilian grade satellite dishes as a burst of 
static, no further containment is necessary. 

Description: SCP-5235 was an anomalous broadcast on 16/6/2035 that originated 
from all currently known Ways. This broadcast was picked up by a Foundation 
monitoring station in Portland, Oregon. The contents of the transmission are 
located below. 

If you see this, it's Xyank. We fucked up. 

Something… else, found us somehow. Some kind of predatory entity. We're pretty 
much done for; the world is warping and tearing around us as I type this. Things 
from the Other Place are pushing their way through the gaps in reality. The 
First Hytoth wants its space back, and we're in the way. 

By the time you see this, we will be gone. Dead probably, depends if I can find 
a way out of the causality mess. Both timelines seem to be ripping themselves 
apart. 

If this happened to us, it can happen again. 

The following attached file requires 05 clearance. Any access to this file will 
be logged. 

<< SCP-5235.txt >> 



Footnotes 

1. A Way is a thaumaturgically created doorway utilizing wormholes to allow 
travel between each end. 



<< SCP-5235.txt >> 


[THIS FILE HAS BEEN LOCKED]

ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT 05-10'S EXPLICIT AUTHORIZATION
WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

Item #: 5235

Object Class: Pending-doctrina

Special Containment Procedures: All information about the nature of
SCP-5235 is to be repressed by Foundation web crawlers. Class B
amnestics are to be given to any subjects exposed to information about
SCP-5235's true nature.

Any deliberate, unauthorized access to this file is to be immediately
tracked, with the subject being issued a combination of Class F and
Class C amnestics. Furthermore, they are to receive a prompt demotion
to E-class personnel.

Description: SCP-5235 is the designation for a group of theoretical
parasitic timelines. These timelines have an innate reality
deficiency; therefore, they cannot organically sustain themselves.
This means they must forcefully attach themselves to others.

Event 5235-1 designates the attachment of a parasitic timeline. From
the evidence gathered on potential parasites, it seems the original
timeline sometimes receives reality back from the parasite,
potentially as overflow. This reality overflow can manifest as
buildings or objects from the parasite merging with existing geography
or structures. This is theorized to have caused the most damage in
affected timelines.

However, research from Temporal Anomalies Department has given
inconclusive results about the existence of these timelines, as it is
currently assumed that most parasitic timelines have become extinct
due to lack of sufficient Hume levels.

Timeline Case Studies - Dr Vale

Addendum 1 - 22/07/2035: Following investigation of a localized
timeline designated S-05, it was determined that the aforementioned
timeline is leeching approximately 0.5% of our timeline's total Hume
levels annually. The parasite timeline appears to create minuscule
Ways, which it utilizes to siphon reality via diffusion.1. Current
methods of neutralizing the parasite are undergoing investigation.

Further Kant counters have been set up at locations with high Hume
levels to monitor the rate of reality loss. Any significant change
must be reported to Dr Vane of the Temporal Anomaly Department.

Despite the loss of local reality via the parasite, our reality
appears to be stable. It is unknown how this is occurring. However,
Kant counters placed near Ways record large fluctuations in Hume
levels.


Addendum 2 - 04/08/2035: A second message was detected on 03/08/2035,
it has been transcribed below.

To anyone that sees this, I'm still somewhat alive. We managed to
drive out from Area-14 up towards Site-34 in Washington when things
went to shit again. Salem is hanging on by a thread; the survivors are
hard-pressed to survive. Dallas appears to have been turned completely
to fucking solid metal, destabilizing the entire nearby area along
with it. We narrowly avoided a massive sinkhole that formed right in
the middle of the road.

Soon after, I got a message on the radio. Seems like most of the folk
at Site-64 survived, and are going to try weathering the storm from
within Three Ports. Doesn't sound like a bad idea, given it is
basically its own mini timeline2. I should have thought of it sooner.

- Xyank

Due to the potential TK-Class Causal Restructuring Event present in a
homogeneous timeline, further precautions are being taken to ensure
the safety of our timeline.


Addendum 3 - 06/08/2035: A further, presumably final, weak
transmission was detected from Ways local to Portland, Oregon.
Transcript attached below.

Right, fuck. We seem to be okay now, but not sure how long that will
last.

The remnants of RCT-Δt and Site-64 are holed up in Three Ports, with
no way of leaving. Not sure we would want to, anyway.

Right, onto the important stuff. I think somehow we were coexisting
with a predatory timeline, potentially stealing mass from each other.
But, alike to something being stretched too far in each direction…
It/They snapped. I think this is the fallout from that.

From what I saw before we quickly entered Three Ports, the timelines
were fusing. For a moment I got to see their reality interact with
ours; buildings of flesh and bone melded into metal and plastic,
consuming it. A Sarkic's fucking wet dream.

In theory, this should stabilize into a "birth", so to speak, of a new
timeline, composed from parts of the former ones. Although, even if it
does, everything will still be fucked.

To anyone who sees this, tell other Xyank to get off his lazy arse and
sort his shit out. It only gets worse from here on out. Trust me.

- Dr Thaddeus Xyank


Addendum 4 - 09/08/2035: Dr Vale's further research notes have been transcribed below:

Are these timelines actually parasitic? Dr Xyank seemed to suggest
they were almost being fed upon by something. What if they were more
akin to a predator?

In Dr Xyank's case, were both timelines predators? Ripping each other
apart?

From the information we have found, the fusion of these timelines
causes the addition of aspects/reality from other timelines, such as
the unidentified timeline's metal version of Dallas. New anomalies,
you could say.

Does this mean native anomalies can be pulled into parasitic/predatory
timelines?

Is it such a stretch to use that to question where some of our
anomalies came from…

Did we… steal them?
 


Footnotes

1. Due to the parasite having less reality than the base timeline,
reality moves across the Ways to even the balance out

2. Presumably referring to Free Ports' coexistence with our timeline.


