                                    SCP-198                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                   Cup of Joe                                   
                                   ----------                                   

Item #: SCP-198 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-198 is located in a secure room of 
Site-██ with armed guards posted outside to prevent any unauthorized access. 
SCP-198 is to be stored under 24-hour video surveillance in a sealed and locked 
case (0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m) and the key kept in a secured location 
accessible only to those personnel with Level 3 clearance and above. Under no 
circumstances are any Foundation personnel to handle SCP-198. All handling of 
SCP-198 is to be done via remote robotic means or by D-class test subjects only. 

In light of Incident 198-A and Incident 198-B, Object Class has been elevated to 
Euclid and Containment Protocol 198 has been established. SCP-198’s case must 
now be kept on a digital scale attached to an alarm system with redundant 
backups for power in its secure room. Any deviations in weight will indicate a 
breach and Site Supervisors must immediately enact Containment Protocol 198 
detailed below. 

Description: SCP-198 has taken numerous forms since coming into Foundation 
possession in 19██. Since acquisition, SCP-198 has been observed to have had 
dozens of different forms including a Styrofoam cup, █████████ 
brand glass beer bottle, ██████ and ████-████ brand 
aluminum soda cans, an oversized shot glass that read “One Tequila, Two 
Tequila, Three Tequila, Floor”, a plastic water bottle with a █████ 
label partially peeled off, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. These forms always appear 
partially filled with the expected liquid a vessel of that type would contain. 

Currently, SCP-198 appears as an ordinary white, porcelain coffee mug with blue, 
vertical stripes evenly spaced around its exterior. There are no visible 
manufacturer markings or otherwise remarkable details about its appearance in 
its current form. The object has resisted all attempts at destruction or 
sampling for further analysis. When inactive, SCP-198 can hold the expected 
240 mL (8 fl oz) of liquid that any standard coffee mug would hold. 

Anomalous behavior does not manifest until a live human being grasps SCP-198 to 
hold it. Approximately 2 - 5 seconds after the SCP is held, it will instantly 
bond itself through unknown, albeit painful means to the handler’s hand or 
hands. Test subjects have reported the pain of bonding with SCP-198 as a 
“searing” or “fiery” sensation, though no heat can be detected by 
outside observers or instruments. The use of gloves or other barriers between 
the object and the hand does not prevent the bonding process so long as the 
subject can still grip SCP-198. Extensive testing has revealed that the bond 
appears to be at the molecular level and is permanent until the death of its 
holder. To date, no means have been found to break the bond including cutting or 
severing the fingers or hand of the holder as any wounds below the wrist of the 
test subject heal instantaneously. Further proposed testing of the range of 
healing up the handler’s arm is pending approval. 

Once bonded, any liquid inside SCP-198 will disappear and the container will 
inexplicably begin to fill from the bottom-up with a fluid or a semi-solid 
material, stopping only once it reaches the top of the container. The liquid or 
semi-solid is different for each holder, but it has to date been a bodily fluid 
or human excretion in each test instance. Such instances have included human 
saliva, sweat, blood, bile, mucus, urine, feces, and [DATA EXPUNGED] as well as 
combinations of two or more of these. 

Once SCP-198 has filled, the holder will undergo rapid dehydration and/or 
emaciation, becoming increasingly malnourished to the point of death, which 
usually occurs within 24 hours if nothing is done to prevent it. Ingestion of 
standard foods, liquids, or I.V.-supplied nutrients does nothing to reverse or 
slow this process. Testing has revealed that the only means by which the subject 
can gain nourishment is by consuming the contents of SCP-198; however, the 
constant rate of dehydration and emaciation remains the same, forcing the test 
subject to consume vast quantities of the excretions almost constantly to remain 
alive. As the contents are consumed or – as is often the case – dumped out 
of the container, SCP-198 will continue to refill itself automatically. Test 
subjects have lasted as long as 70 hours by consuming the excretions before 
finally succumbing to exhaustion or refusing to consume any more of the 
contents, which invariably leads to death. 

Upon expiration of the handler, the bond with SCP-198 is broken and the object 
can once again be manipulated. In approximately 75% of test instances, SCP-198 
will disappear once the bond is broken and reappear almost instantly on a nearby 
flat surface, seemingly with a preference for tables or shelves within the same 
room, and take on a new form. Approximately 90% of these reappearances of 
SCP-198 are within the general vicinity of the now deceased handler, but several 
times the object has been observed to reappear in nearby containment rooms, 
observation rooms, and in one case [DATA EXPUNGED]. Due to the catastrophic 
nature of that incident, extreme care is to be taken when in proximity to 
SCP-198’s containment or testing room. Foundation personnel are urged not to 
bring with them any beverages or containers within 100 m of SCP-198’s 
containment room even when the object is not actively being researched. 

SCP-198 was acquired by the Foundation from an underground bunker in 
███████, Germany, after the bunker’s accidental discovery by 
construction workers. Reports of strange activity and deaths among the 
construction company regarding this bunker brought the object to Foundation 
attention. Agent ██████, upon responding to the location, discovered 
several deceased and grossly emaciated corpses, both recent and some quite old. 
Unaware of the nature of their deaths or the SCP in question, Agent 
██████ sealed off the area and awaited back-up. It was then that the 
nature of the SCP object revealed itself as the Agent mistakenly grabbed what 
appeared to be an unopened bottle of water from a table at the construction 
site. Backup arrived to find an extremely agitated Agent ██████ 
vomiting and struggling to remove from his hand a cup full of fresh [DATA 
EXPUNGED]. Agent ██████ later self-terminated during location 
clean-up. 


Incident 198-A: 

Date: ██-██-20██ 

Location: Site-██ 

Description: At approximately 2:15 PM, Researcher John ██████, who 
was working in an observation room adjacent to SCP-198’s containment room, 
reached for what he thought to be his thermos of iced tea only to discover he 
was firmly bonded to what appeared to be SCP-198. Immediately, Researcher 
██████ notified Site Supervisors who, upon inspection of containment 
room 198, discovered that SCP-198 was indeed missing from its case. At least 3 
months had passed since the last experiment had been conducted on SCP-198 
without incident. Researcher ██████ was interviewed by Site staff 
and was kept alive by consuming the contents of SCP-198 for 31 hours before 
finally refusing to drink the contents any longer. 


Incident 198-B: 

Date: ██-██-20██ 

Location: Site-██ 

Description: At approximately 8:00 AM, Security Guard Albert 
████████ stopped to get a cup of coffee from a break room later 
determined to be located three floors underneath and two hallways over from 
SCP-198’s containment room. The guard found himself bonded to SCP-198 when he 
attempted to grab a bottle of dairy creamer from the break room refrigerator. 
Once again Site Supervisors were notified of a potential containment breach and 
discovered SCP-198’s case to be empty. Guard ████████ was 
interviewed and chose to self-terminate rather than consume any of the contents 
of SCP-198. 

Immediately after Incident 198-B, Site Supervisors determined that the Object 
Class should be raised to Euclid and Containment Protocol 198 was created to 
handle future containment breaches. 


Containment Protocol 198: 

Containment Protocol 198 is to be executed immediately by Site Supervisors after 
a containment breach of SCP-198 is detected. In the event that the alarm 
attached to SCP-198’s scale is sounded, Site-██ is to be locked down and 
all personnel are to immediately avoid any beverage containers and evacuate the 
facility until SCP-198 can be located and properly secured. 

For test logs, please see Experiment Log 198-A. 


Experiment Log 198-A

Experiment log of Dr. ███████ on SCP-198 testing various manifestations 
of its anomalous properties

Notes: Testing on SCP-198 is to be done outside of its containment
room in a secure experimentation room. SCP-198 is to be placed via
robotic means on a plain table in the center of the otherwise empty
room. During experimentation, all Foundation personnel are to remotely
observe either via surveillance camera or adjacent observation room
behind a secure, plexiglass window. At no time should any Foundation
personnel enter the experimentation room while experiments are being
conducted. Armed guards and clean-up crews will be posted outside the
experimentation room and will not enter until the test subject has
expired.


Experiment 198-A-1

Date: ██-██-████

Procedure: Object is observed to have the form of a small glass of
water. Class D personnel instructed to enter room and touch SCP-198
with his finger, but ordered not to hold or pick up the object.

Results: No bonding takes place and Class D personnel is unaffected.


Experiment 198-A-2

Date: ██-██-████

Procedure: Same Class D personnel is instructed to pick up SCP-198.

Results: Class D personnel screams in surprise as the bonding process
takes place. Test subject immediately begins to try and pry SCP-198
from his hand. Test subject ordered to calm down and describe the
contents of SCP-198:

Dr. ███████: Please describe the contents of the object in your hand.

Test Subject: What the ████ is going on?! I can’t get it off! [Liquid
is seen spilling from SCP-198 as the test subject flails around.]

Dr. ███████: Yes, we are aware of the situation. Please calm down and
describe the contents of the object in your hand.

[D Class personnel is seen to cautiously sniff the contents of
SCP-198.]

Test Subject: Is that ████?! Oh god, that’s disgusting, man! [Test
subject stumbles slightly and falls to one knee at this point.] Doc? I
don’t feel so good, man.

Dr. ███████: Please describe what you’re feeling right now.

Test Subject: I… I feel weak. Tired. Thirsty, too. What’s going on?
Can I get some water, man?

Dr. ███████: I'm sorry, I cannot do that. But perhaps the contents in
your hand…?

Test Subject: Are you ███████ kidding me, man?! No ███████ way!

Dr. ███████: Suit yourself.

Approximately 2 hours into the experiment, the test subject is
observed to curse loudly before gulping down the contents of SCP-198.
Test subject periodically drinks from SCP-198 until finally succumbing
to exhaustion and expiring 29 hours into the experiment. Subsequent
autopsy determines the contents of the test subject's stomach to be
mostly human urine. DNA profile on the urine came back inconclusive
and with no known match in our database. Upon death of the test
subject, SCP-198 unbonded, disappeared, and returned to the table in
the form of a large, half-filled plastic pitcher of what appears to be
ice and lemonade.


Experiment 198-A-3

Date: ██-██-████

Procedure: Class D personnel instructed to enter room and don surgical
gloves placed on the table next to SCP-198. Once the test subject is
wearing the gloves, subject is instructed to pick up SCP-198 (still in
lemonade pitcher form) and pour herself a glass.

Results: Test subject is observed to use both hands to lift the
pitcher to pour a drink. Once again, Class D personnel shouts in
surprise as the bonding process takes place despite the gloves and
appears to have both hands bonded to SCP-198. Test subject is highly
agitated and clearly in pain.

Test Subject: Ow! Owowow! It burned me!

Dr. ███████: It would appear that both of your hands are stuck to the
container. Is that the case?

Test Subject: Yeah! Does it look like I'm not stuck?! [Test subject is
visibly straining to pull her hands apart from SCP-198.]

Dr. ███████: Can you remove your hands from the gloves?

Test Subject: No! They're stuck to this damn thing, t—! [Test subject
pauses mid-sentence and stares at the pitcher in her hands. Seconds
later, test subject is seen vomiting violently and falling to her
knees. A brownish, semi-solid mass spills onto the floor from
SCP-198.]

Dr. ███████: Can you please describe the contents of the pitcher,
please?

Test Subject: ████! ████! ████!

Test subject continued vomiting for approximately ten minutes before
collapsing to the floor. Test subject became uncooperative at this
point and would not respond to the researcher's requests. Security
guards are instructed to enter the experimentation room and terminate
test subject. Testing concluded that the substance in question was
human feces. Again, the DNA profile of the substance was inconclusive
and matchless in our database. Upon death of the test subject, SCP-198
unbonded and remained in its lemonade pitcher form, once again
half-filled with what appeared to be lemonade and ice but did not
teleport back to the table surface.


