                                    SCP-2413                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               Critical Thinking                                
                               -----------------                                

Item #: SCP-2413 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2413 is contained in this document. Under no 
circumstances is this document to be deleted or altered. The cognitohazard 
decontamination procedures at the end of this file must be carried out by any 
accessing user. Failure to follow these instructions is to be considered a Class 
3 (cognitohazardous) containment breach. 

Description: SCP-2413 is an entity that may affect any person (referred to as an 
SCP-2413-1 instance) that is cognizant of its existence, and who has not 
followed SCP-2413's cognitohazard decontamination procedures. Affected 
individuals are subjected to 1-5 minutes of auditory hallucinations which appear 
to source from audio equipment near the contaminated person. 

While these hallucinations are capable of manifesting in the absence of audio 
equipment, this has in roughly half of all cases led to deleterious cognitive 
effects on the SCP-2413-1 instance, and testing into this field has been 
discontinued due to loss of personnel. 

SCP-2413-1 instances will, following the conclusion of initial hallucinations, 
begin to display increasingly critical behavior towards creative works (known as 
the second phase of SCP-2413's effects). This behavior will begin to escalate in 
severity, leading to the instance being incapable of enjoying any creative work. 
While SCP-2413-1 instances display preference for critique of written works, 
individuals incapable of reading have shifted their critique to other works. 

Individuals lacking an ability to see, taste, and smell have shown a resistance 
to this escalation, though nearly all individuals eventually progress to the 
second phase of the effect. The sole exception is any individual who is 
incapable of hearing, as no fully deaf individuals have been known to show any 
signs of SCP-2413 infection. 

Approximately 90 minutes after exposure, SCP-2413-1 instances are unable to be 
decontaminated by the proscribed methods in this document. After 106 minutes 
SCP-2413 effects have proven irreversible by any means. 

Decontamination Procedures: 

Please access Document-0094 to proceed with decontamination. 


