                                    SCP-5931                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 Nobody Shot Me                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-5931 

Containment Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: News and law enforcement reports are to be 
monitored for information on SCP-5931. Should deaths caused by SCP-5931 be 
detected, witnesses are to be amnesticized and coronary reports are to be 
altered to hide the true cause of death under Cover Story "Sudden Seizure". For 
the purpose of better containment of information on SCP-5931, MTF-Epsilon-23 
("Fuggedaboutit") has been dispatched to infiltrate news agencies, local law 
enforcement, the FBI, and criminal organizations. 

Investigations are currently ongoing for the cause of SCP-5931. 

Description: SCP-5931 refers to a phenomenon present in New York City. SCP-5931 
causes the sudden manifestation of bullets in the brain of affected subjects, 
resulting in death by seizure. All bullets recovered from affected subjects have 
a skull engraved on them. No entry point from a bullet has been discovered. 

So far, SCP-5931 has solely affected members of organized crime. 


List of SCP-5931 occurrences: 

Name 

Occupation 

Date of SCP-5931 Occurence 

Description of Circumstances 

Note 


Charles 'Lucky' Luciano 

High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization 

March 1, 1931 

Affected by SCP-5931 during a game of poker. Autopsy results were altered, and 
attending coroners were amnesticized. 

First documented case of SCP-5931. Initially suspected to be the result of 
anomalous individuals from crime leader Sal Maranzano's criminal organization, 
which is currently at war with the Joe Masseria's criminal organization. 


Albert Anastasia 

High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization 

March 2, 1931 

Affected by SCP-5931 while under questioning by police of on a murder. 

Initially believed to have been caused by anomalous members of Sal Maranzano's 
criminal organization, investigations by agents embedded in Joe Masseria's 
criminal organization for unrelated reasons reported rumors that Luciano had 
wanted to betray Joe Masseria and defect to Sal Maranzano's criminal 
organization. Thus, another theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of 
anomalous individuals working for Joe Masseria's criminal organization. 


Carlo Gambino 

Organized crime figure; member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization 

March 3, 1931 

Affected by SCP-5931 during interrogation of witnesses with the accompaniment of 
undercover MTF-Epsilon-23 Agent Nascosto. 

Due to suspicions towards Agent Nascosto from other gangsters and death threats, 
Agent Nascosto was recalled from duty through Cover Story "Gangland 
Disappearance". 


Joseph Bonnano 

High-ranking member of Sal Maranzano's criminal organization 

November 14, 1931 

Found dead in a locked restroom; subsequent autopsy determined cause of death to 
be SCP-5931. 

First known case of SCP-5931 affecting an organized crime figure out of Joe 
Masseria's criminal organization. 


Robert DiFortune 

Small-time home burglar, known associate of Joe Masseria's criminal 
organization. 

December 16, 1931 

Affected by SCP-5931 while making a call on a public payphone. 

First known case of SCP-5931 affecting someone who was not a member of either 
Joe Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organizations. Despite his 
associations with Joe Masseria's criminal organization, Robert DiFortune 
possessed no threat to either the Masseria nor the Maranzano criminal 
organization. Due to this, a theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of 
a third party. 


Frank Costello 

Organized crime figure, member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization 

December 17, 1931 

Found dead in his car; autopsy revealed death to be have been caused by SCP-5931 

No new leads discovered in investigations. 


Owney Madden 

Organized crime figure, no known associations with either Masseria or 
Maranzano's criminal organization 

December 20, 1931 

Affected by SCP-5931 while on trial for murder. 

First known case of SCP-5931 affecting organized crime figures outside of Joe 
Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organization. New theory posited that 
SCP-5931 was caused by members of Irish organized criminal organizations. 
Investigations are ongoing. 



You are looking at an out-of-date version of the SCP. 

Click here to view the latest version of this SCP (5/15/2000) 



ITEM#: 5931

LEVEL 4

CONTAINMENT CLASS: SAFE

DISRUPTION CLASS: 4 - SUPERNOVA

RISK CLASS: DANGER


Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5931 is to be kept in a High
Priority Item locker at Storage Site-5795. Access to the locker is
restricted to personnel with Level 4 clearance only.

Testing of SCP-5931 is strictly forbidden.

Description: SCP-5931 is a Colt Official Police double-action
revolver. A skull has been engraved on the left side of SCP-5931's
grip panel. Cartridges of any caliber inserted into its chamber will
be converted into black .22 Long Rifle bullets with a skull design
identical to the one on SCP-5931's grip panel. SCP-5931 creates no
noise when fired.

Based on information from Recovered Document 5931-1B and 5931-1C,
SCP-5931 is believed to possess retrocausal properties which, based on
the circumstance of its recovery, is activated when fired at a grave.
The bullet will disappear before hitting the grave, temporally
dislocated into the brain of the grave's occupant 70 years before the
date of the activation process, causing a seizure that usually results
in the death of the affected subject. This results in a retrocausal
rewriting of reality; only the memories of people who have observed
the use of SCP-5931 are unaffected. SCP-5931 can target an individual
on a specific date by writing the date on the bullet before firing it.

Due to these properties, SCP-5931 is believed to have been responsible
for the previous anomaly under the SCP-5931 designation1. Due to the
risks of further retrocausal effects on the temporal stream, testing
of SCP-5931 is strictly forbidden.

Recovery Log: SCP-5931 was discovered by coincidence in the possession
of one Leonard Di Fortuna by Agent Aerosol during an investigation
into unrelated rumors of "mobster specters" at the Saint Michael's
Cemetery, New York; Agent Aerosol witnessed its anomalous properties
when he saw Di Fortuna fire it at the grave of Irish gangster Owney
Madden. Leonard Di Fortuna attempted to flee when Agent Aerosol gave
pursuit, but collapsed dead mid chase.

Investigations into Leonard Di Fortuna's apartment revealed a receipt
for SCP-5931 (Document 5931-1A) from the auction of the assets of
Mills Allon2 and a stapled report titled "Invention 033081"3 (Document
5931-1B) consisting of a description of the anomalous properties of
SCP-5931, leading to the discovery of its retrocausal properties. The
journal of Leonard Di Fortuna (Document 5931-1C) was also found. Below
is a relevant entry from the journal, which has been digitized.


- Document 5931-1C Relevant Entry

18/12/2000

The mob still lives. The players have changed, the events slightly
different, but still, it exists to haunt us.

When I saved my father from his killer before he could kill him, I
thought I had found the weapon to destroy the mob forever, the
organization that allowed his killer to walk free despite all the
witnesses who saw him pull the trigger.

But it seems killing the mob is not as simple as taking out certain
people.

I shot Lucky Luciano, before he could implement his plans to gain
power through betrayal.

The mob still lived.

I shot Carlo Gambino, the new Father of the Mob.

The mob still lived.

I shot Joseph Bonnano (who apparently without Carlo could finally
implement his own plans to become the Boss of Bosses)

The mob still lived.

I shot Frank Costello, and just for good measure, his favorite
legbreaker Albert Anastasia. Surely, I thought, with the Prime
Minister of the Underworld and the Lord High Executioner dead, the mob
would be deprived of visionaries to lead it to prominence.

I was wrong. The mob still lived. But this time, in Irish hands.

But that means something: change is possible. With all the Italian
mobsters I killed, the Irish mobs remained in power in New York. So as
long as I take out their visionaries, they too might shrivel away.

It will be hard, though: my knowledge of the Irish mobsters is not
deep, and searching through the journal, none of the entries I find
have helped. And who knows if killing off the Irish mob will be the
end of it: New York also had prominent Jewish-American gangsters.

But as the end of the Italian-American mob in New York proves, nothing
in time is fixed: the Mob is not some important spoke in the wheel of
time. And I will do all that I can to remove it entirely from history.
Even if I have to spend hours on research and driving. Even if I have
to kill a hundred. One by one, I shall bring down their leaders, their
visionaries, their Washingtons.

The mob harmed my family once, in a time that no longer exists. I will
make sure they harm no other.

I will be doing my research tomorrow on the new mob: the electricity
here is out because of a sudden strong storm. The weather has been
extreme lately, though if my own journal entries are any indication,
this apparently is not considered unusual in this timeline.

An autopsy on Leonard Di Fortuna revealed a bullet lodged in his
brain, with no discovered point of entry. The bullet bore a skull
design matching those of SCP-5931's.



Footnotes

1. See document of the previous iteration of SCP-5931.

2. the reclusive heir of the Allon publishing estate. No connections
between Mills Allon and the anomalous had been discovered previously.

3. No author was mentioned


