                                    SCP-051                                     
                                    =======                                     

                           Japanese Obstetrical Model                           
                           --------------------------                           

Item #: SCP-051 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-051 and SCP-051-A are to be kept in a sealed 
containment facility. SCP-051-A is kept within a locked, climate-controlled 
document box with a viewing window, to prevent degradation of its material. Any 
personnel (with the exception of pregnant or non-sterile female personnel, who 
might not be aware of an early-stage pregnancy) may access SCP-051 as long as a 
request is placed before-hand and cleared by site administration. 

Description: SCP-051 is a 25 cm (10 in) anatomically correct model of a human 
female, carved out of ivory, with typically Asian features. Microscopic analysis 
shows that the head hair is human hair. The doll is jointed at the shoulders, 
hips, and knees. The 'stomach' area of the doll is fully removable as a 'cap' of 
ivory, exposing a detailed ribcage and organs, and a 2.5 cm (1 in) ivory fetus 
connected to the main figure by a leather cord umbilicus. 

When brought into the presence of a pregnant human female, SCP-051 has various 
deleterious effects upon the pregnancy, generally resulting in miscarriage of 
the fetus. Reports include a gentle compulsion to handle the model, open its 
stomach cap and take out the fetus. This results in nausea and cramping within 5 
minutes, vaginal bleeding that begins as spotting and may progress to hemorrhage 
within the next half-hour, and miscarriage within 2 - 24 hours in most recorded 
cases. Medical records indicate that the aborted fetuses bear moderate to severe 
defects. Pregnancies carried to term after exposure to the model have resulted 
in severely deformed live births, including ██ deaths of the mothers and 
██ infants terminated after birth by the delivering physician (see interview 
051-1 below). Witnesses to these live births showed signs of severe emotional 
trauma that was alleviated, after Foundation interviews, by administration of a 
Class A amnestic. 

SCP-051-A is a fragment of text on rice paper that was discovered with SCP-051. 
The surviving text is written with plant-derived ink test-dated to the 12th 
century, and the characters have been identified as a known early dialect of 
Japanese. Translation reveals the text is part of a prayer or spell against 
'demons' that attack unborn babies. The incantation orders these forces or 
demons into the model, instead of a pregnant woman, and claims to trap them 
there. However, centuries have degraded the paper and ink so that the full 
incantation and instructions, if any, cannot be deciphered. 


Addendum: SCP-051 and SCP-051-A were discovered in a box of early Japanese 
artifacts delivered anonymously to the ██████████ Museum in 
1938. After 60 years and a number of incidents resulting from contact by female 
secretaries, researchers, and students, an Agent on staff in the museum's 
archives learned of its properties and obtained it for Foundation study. 


Interview 051-1 

Interviewed: Dr. David Ehrenfeld

Interviewer: Agent ███████

Foreword: Dr. Ehrenfeld was the attending physician at the death of
Martha R███, ███████████ museum, 02 January 1942. This interview was
conducted off-site as Dr. Ehrenfeld was a resident of ███ █████
nursing facility; at the time of interview he was 95 years old and
physically infirm, though retaining most of his mental faculties. A
class "A" amnestic was administered after the interview.

<Begin Log, October ██ 20██>

Interviewer: Thank you for seeing me, doctor.

Dr. Ehrenfeld: You are welcome. I have outlived most people who would
care to hear such stories. Then again, they surely would have thought
I was telling lies, or slipping into dementia. Now, you may think the
same, but at my age, I do not care [thin laughter].

Interviewer: Can you tell me what you remember of the events of
January second, 1942?

Dr. Ehrenfeld: It was…an ugly day. Cold and ugly. ██████ can be a
wonderful city sometimes, but winter is a bad season. It was late in
the evening when my housekeeper told me I had been called. I was
tired, but… a birth is always a wonderful experience. I thought it
would cheer me. [coughing; sound of the doctor sipping liquid]

I had a nurse with me, but the girl never came back to my office after
that night.

Fifteen minutes, perhaps, for the cab to reach the museum from my
house? I'm not certain, but I think so. The doorman was waiting for
me. He led me to the room where they had poor Mrs. R███ laid out on a
low table covered with…some canvas groundcloths, I think; to make her
more comfortable.

Interviewer: What was her condition when you arrived?

Dr. Ehrenfeld: Thinking back now I should have realized…it was very
bad. But I was young and had not much experience. She was quiet and
only grunted with each contraction; she did not respond when I checked
her vital signs and spoke to her. She did not even look at me. There
was quite a bit of blood; a gush of it covered my hands as I reached
down to begin helping her with the birth. The floor was slick with it
underneath her. And the baby had not crowned yet; she was dilated well
and the contractions were quite close together, and this made me fear
she may be having a breech birth. I showed a calm face, though. I did
not want to panic my nurse, or the researcher Doctor Merrill, who was
nearby… a dignified older man. I believe I wanted to impress him.

[A pause, breathing sounds, more sipping]

Interviewer: And then, doctor?

Dr. Ehrenfeld: I was concerned because of all the blood, that her life
was in danger. I told her to push, and she was pushing…and my nurse
helped her, putting downward pressure on the abdomen, as I attempted
to manually aid the infant's emergence. I will spare you the details
of a breech-birth procedure; it can be found in any obstetrics manual
of the time.

I probed blindly and felt… I thought it was a coil of the umbilicus,
perhaps tangled around the baby's neck. I almost withdrew, thinking
that an episiotomy would be required, but she tore before I could
proceed. There was more blood, and the baby began to emerge into my
hands.

[a pause]

I had never seen such a thing. You are a researcher; do you know much
of the common cephalic birth defects? This was uncommon. I thought at
first that the infant must be stillborn. Its flesh was gray – not the
vernix-covered gray of a normal birth, but lifeless and degraded. The
smell of decay…

I recoiled, and the poor mother screamed on her last push, and the
infant was delivered into my arms, with a great rush of hemorrhage.
The deformity… unspeakable. The thoracic cavity was completely open,
the limbs….

Interviewer: But it wasn't a stillbirth.

Dr. Ehrenfeld: It looked at me. I heard the nurse above me, beginning
resuscitation attempts… then heard her gasp and falter as she saw what
I held. Gagging as the smell filled the room. I tried to drop the
creature, but it clung to my hands, I felt my skin begin to blister
and crack.

Strange how clearly I can remember it. At my age, sometimes I cannot
even remember what I had for dinner. The infant was almost double the
length of a normal, viable fetus at eight months. Its lower body…
segmented…

[coughing, almost choking; a pause of two minutes while the
interviewer assists Dr. Ehrenfeld with a nearby oxygen mask.]

Interviewer: What did you do then?

Dr. Ehrenfeld: It began to laugh…and I killed it. [a pause] I broke
its neck while it looked at me.

Interviewer: Were there ever any questions or consequences?

Dr. Ehrenfeld: [thin laughter] In 1942, with the country at war, and
two respected professional men to give their testimony? No. The museum
building had a furnace; I disposed of the infant's body myself. We
claimed some more normal defect had taken the lives of mother and
child. The husband was a drunkard and cared for nothing but her
life-insurance policy. I believe he was drafted shortly thereafter,
and died somewhere in France. And I left my practice almost
immediately. I never delivered another child.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: Dr. Ehrenfeld expired four months later of
pneumonia.


