                                    SCP-5423                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Empty Room                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-5423 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: The door associated with SCP-5423 is to remain 
open outside of scheduled testing, and personnel will not enter the room except 
as required by testing protocols. A block will be placed in the doorframe to 
make sure it does not accidentally shut, while a barrier will be placed around 
the door to deny unauthorized entry. 

Any personnel who experience SCP-5423's anomalous effects will be removed from 
the site and isolated for at least one week as part of standard decontamination 
procedures after exposure to unreality. 

Description: SCP-5423 is a spatial anomaly manifesting in a room in Site 98. 
When the door to this room is closed, the room, its contents, and the space it 
occupies ceases to exist to all measurements currently available to the 
Foundation. 

Sonar and electromagnetic radiation act as though there is no space between the 
walls when the door is closed. 

Persons inside the room experience no time between the door's closing and its 
opening again. When the door opens, objects in motion have the same position and 
momentum they had when the door had closed, no matter how far they should have 
traveled. 

The room in which SCP-5423 manifests was previously a storage room on the second 
sub-level of Site 98. There were no anomalous objects inside when it was 
discovered and it is presently unknown how it manifested. 

O5 Command has approved the installation of a window to observe the effects of 
SCP-5423 directly. Installation has been scheduled for 24/MAR/30. 

While testing of the anomaly's properties is underway, a Directed Task Force led 
by Dr. Matson has been commissioned to investigate its origins. 


- From Dr. Matson's Notes 

- Findings 

A full inventory of the anomalous storage room is currently being undertaken. 
While records indicate that no anomalous objects have been stored there, 
numerous pieces of equipment and records relating to the observation, testing, 
and containment of anomalous objects have been. I am convinced that 
cross-contamination is the root of this. Someone failed to follow procedure. I'm 
going to learn who and nail them to the wall. 

I've advised against the testing of SCP-5423 until we have a handle on the 
origin of the anomaly. The loss of Doctor Scranton should be a warning to us 
all. 

Complaint Lodged by Dr. Verne: With due respect to Dr. Matson, he's not in 
charge of investigating this anomaly. It ultimately doesn't matter where the 
anomaly came from. What matters is what it is. As Site Director Alvarez agrees 
with me and has placed me in charge of testing, I find it extremely 
inappropriate for Dr. Matson to comment on my testing procedures. 



WARNING: THIS VERSION HAS BEEN SUPERCEDED BY SCP-5423-2-S 



SCP-5423-2-S

Item #: SCP-5423

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: The door associated with SCP-5423 is
to remain open outside of scheduled testing, and personnel will not
enter the room except as required by testing protocols. The door will
be held open and the secondary door built across it will be closed to
prevent unauthorized access.

Any personnel who experience SCP-5423's anomalous effects will be
removed from the site and isolated for at least one week as part of
standard decontamination procedures after exposure to unreality.

Description: SCP-5423 is a spatial anomaly manifesting in a room in
Site 98. When the door to this room is closed, the room, its contents,
and the space it occupies ceases to exist to all measurements
currently available to the Foundation.

Sonar and electromagnetic radiation perform as though there is no
space between the walls when the door is closed.

Persons and objects inside the room experience no time between the
door's closing and its opening again. Examples include:

A baseball was dropped from one meter as the door was closed. When the
door opened one hour later, the ball completed its fall.

A bucket of ice and a pot of near-boiling water were left in the room,
and the door closed for eight hours. Neither had materially changed in
temperature in the intervening time.

A test tube with fruit fly larvae was left for fourteen days with the
door closed. The larva were unchanged. Later, they pupated and became
adult flies.

A porthole window was installed in the wall surrounding SCP-5423 on
3/APR/30. When the door is closed, the window immediately changes view
as though it were embedded in the far wall. Refraction shows that the
glass as five centimeters shallower than when the door is closed,
suggesting that part of the window is affected by the anomaly.

The room in which SCP-5423 manifests was previously an equipment
storage room on the second sub-level of Site 98.

Penetration testing during active manifestation of SCP-5423 is pending approval.

While testing of the anomaly's properties is underway, a Directed Task
Force led by Dr. Matson has been commissioned to investigate its
origins.

- From Dr. Matson's Notes

- Findings

We've obtained annual inventories going back thirty years for the
site. I've eliminated a great deal already. Personnel records made up
the bulk of it. Also janitorial supplies (other than those used in
containment areas). Of note, records for SCPs 184, 1726, 4137, and
several other objects that have never been stored at Site 98. There
were also records for Projects Olympia, Ararat, and Rhodes. I am
familiar with Olympia, but I've never heard of the other two. There
were also a number of pieces of equipment that are currently missing,
such as a diving bell used in 1892 for the containment of 3286.

The records may just be due to Site 98's function as a research base.
However, there's something about the numbers referenced that makes me
feel there's something more. I can't put my finger on it, but I'm sure
there's something there.

The projects are currently proving to be a blind alley. No one I've
questioned on-site has any memory of Rhodes or Ararat. I suspect that
the secrecy of these projects was enforced through amnestics. It
wouldn't be the first time. I myself am missing eighteen months from
various points in the thirties. My husband still hasn't quite forgiven
me for losing what must have been a wonderful anniversary trip to
Paris. I'll need to see if any other records remain on-site, and ask
for off-site records if necessary.

The missing equipment seems unrelated, though it's worrying that any
of it has gone missing. Sloppy procedures leads to sloppy results.

Finally, I strongly, *strongly* advise against the proposed
penetration testing. While I understand that Dr. Verne is in charge of
testing, I must let my concerns be known.



WARNING: THIS VERSION HAS BEEN SUPERCEDED BY SCP-5423-3-E



SCP-5423-3-E

Item #: SCP-5423

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: All doors associated with SCP-5423 are
to be removed from their frames outside of scheduled testing, and
personnel will not enter the room except as required by testing
protocols. A security barrier will be placed at each potential
entrance to SCP-5423. The hallway formerly accessible through the
space occupied by SCP-5423 will no longer be used to house anomalous
objects.

Any personnel who experience SCP-5423's anomalous effects will be
removed from the site and isolated for at least one week as part of
standard decontamination procedures after exposure to unreality.

Description: SCP-5423 is a spatial anomaly manifesting in a hallway
and a room in Site 98. When the doors to these spaces are closed, that
area, its contents, and the space it occupies ceases to exist to all
measurements currently available to the Foundation.

Sonar and electromagnetic radiation act as though there is no space
between the walls when the doors are closed. Due to the irregular
shape of SCP-5423, this causes significant distortion.

Persons and objects inside the rooms experience no time between the
door's closing and its opening again. However, the continuity of
matter in the rooms is not perfectly consistent. Examples include:

A bucket of marbles was dropped from a height of 3 feet. When the door
was re-opened, the marbles resumed their travel. However, the
direction of momentum was changed for each, seemingly at random.

Upon opening the door, a section of air was superheated. Precise
measurements were not taken, but five minutes after, the temperature
of the room as a whole was 50°C, 30°C hotter than ambient temperature
outside the anomaly.

D-42803's right eye was displaced two feet from its socket.

The room in which SCP-5423 originally manifested was previously a
storage room on the second sub-level of Site 98. There were no
anomalous objects inside when it was discovered and it is presently
unknown how it manifested.

A porthole window was installed in the wall surrounding SCP-5423 on
3/APR/30. When the door is closed, the window immediately changes view
as though it were embedded in the far wall. Refraction shows that the
glass as five centimeters shallower than when the door is closed,
suggesting that part of the window is affected by the anomaly.

A hole was drilled through the wall on 7/JUN/30 while the anomaly was
active. When the drill reached the point where it should have reached
the interior of the storage room, all communications with the testing
team went silent. Site security immediately mobilized, and it was
discovered that the hallway displayed the same anomalous properties as
the room.

- From Dr. Matson's Notes

- Findings

Most of the equipment has been accounted for or eliminated. I've
already recommended disciplinary action against the equipment
custodians who allowed it to go missing in the first place.

Notes for Project Ararat are still missing. However, I've noted some
common factors in the records and items related to off-site SCPs.
They're primarily related to anomalies with spatial- or
reality-altering properties. I believe they may be related to 5423's
properties. I've put in an information request for Project Ararat from
Central Records. A research project like this does not get approved
without going through the O5 Council. Some records must still exist.



WARNING: THIS VERSION HAS BEEN SUPERCEDED BY SCP-5423-4-E



SCP-5423-4-E

Item #: SCP-5423

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Wing E of Site 98 has been closed off.
Evacuation of the rest of the site is underway. All non-essential
personnel will be transferred to nearby sites under the cover of
disaster relief efforts running throughout the eastern seaboard of the
United States.

All further testing of SCP-5423 must be approved by the entire O5
Council, and an emphasis will be placed on neutralization of the
anomaly.

No personnel will remain in a section of SCP-5423 when it is active,
due to anomalies incompatible with life.

Description: SCP-5423 is a spatial anomaly manifesting in Wing E of
Site 98. When any discrete enclosed space is closed off, that room,
its contents, and the space it occupies ceases to exist to all
measurements currently available to the Foundation.

Sonar and electromagnetic radiation perform as though there is no
space between the walls when the doors are closed. Due to the
irregular shape of SCP-5423, this causes significant distortion.

Persons and objects inside the rooms experience no time between the
door's closing and its opening again. However, the continuity of
matter in the rooms is poorly consistent. Most dangerous examples
include:

A ladder was knocked over as the door to a hallway was closed. When it
was re-opened, the momentum was altered so that instead of falling
over, it instead crashed into the far wall at 60 KPH.

O2 in one room was replaced by CO, leading to the hospitalization of
three personnel.

A janitor collapsed as soon as they were recovered from an affected
room. Autopsy showed the absence of their circulatory system (though
their blood still occupied the spaces left by the absent blood
vessels).

All objects in the room had undergone severe oxidation. This led to
objects sustaining severe damage and reduced the structural integrity
of the room.

The room in which SCP-5423 originally manifested was a storage room on
the second sub-level of Site 98. There were no anomalous objects
inside when it was discovered and it is presently unknown how it
manifested.

A porthole window was installed in the wall surrounding SCP-5423 on
3/APR/30. When the door is closed, the window immediately changes view
as though it were embedded in the far wall. Refraction shows that the
glass as five centimeters shallower than when the door is closed,
suggesting that part of the window is affected by the anomaly.

A hole was drilled through the wall on 7/JUN/30 while the anomaly was
active. When the drill reached the point where it should have reached
the interior of the storage room, all communications with the testing
team went silent. Site security immediately mobilized, and it was
discovered that the hallway displayed the same anomalous properties as
the room.

On 10/AUG/30, Foundation agents inadvertently caused a 7.8 magnitude
earthquake centered in New York City while neutralizing a Chaos
Insurgency cell. Site 98 was not rated for this level of seismic
activity, and it caused structural damage throughout the site.
SCP-5423 was undergoing testing at the time, and this breached its
previous boundaries, leading to much of Wing E of Site 98 being
compromised.

24 personnel were inside the affected areas. 17 required
hospitalization and 5 died immediately. The others are undergoing
observation.

- From Dr. Matson's Notes

- Findings

My fears were well-founded. I can only hope that we can unravel this
mess and reverse the damage.

Dr. Verne was among those injured by the incident, so has been removed
from the project. Director Alvarez tried putting another of her pet
researchers in, but I appealed directly to the O5 council, and learned
that none of my previous messages had been passed on. Director Alvarez
has been removed from her position, and I am now in command of Site
98. This is not what I wanted, but I will do the best I can with the
tools I've been given.

There is worse news, however. The earthquake knocked out much of our
network. We cannot send or receive information classified at level 4
or higher. The details of Project Ararat are classified at level 5. We
are attempting some workarounds, but with the current emergency, it's
taking time. We aren't the only site to suffer serious breaches.

A highly redacted precis on the project did arrive. I need the
details, but at least the outline is becoming more apparent. Project
Ararat was a parallel project to the one that gave us the Scranton
Reality Anchor. The purpose was to combat anomalies that cause a
breakdown in local reality. How that led to the effects we've seen
today remains to be seen, but I have some ideas in that direction.

In the meantime, I've shut down all proposed testing for SCP-5423
until we have a better handle on its nature. I've also sent in to have
it upgraded to Keter.



WARNING: THIS VERSION HAS BEEN SUPERCEDED BY SCP-5423-5-K



SCP-5423-5-K

Item #: SCP-5423

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Site 98 has been closed off. No
personnel are to access the site without direct approval of the entire
O5 Council.

No personnel will approach SCP-5423 due to anomalies incompatible with
life.

Description: SCP-5423 is a spatial anomaly manifesting the remains of
Site 98. When any discrete enclosed space is closed off, that room,
its contents, and the space it occupies ceases to exist to all
measurements currently available to the Foundation.

Sonar and electromagnetic radiation act as though there is no space
between the walls when the doors are closed. Due to the irregular
shape of SCP-5423, this causes significant distortion.

Areas that are not active still show a strong degradation of reality
consistent with low Hume levels, with time passing at inconsistent
rates, changes in temperature and pressure, and sudden changes in
states of matter.

Persons and objects inside the rooms experience no time between the
door's closing and its opening again. However, the continuity of
matter in the rooms is poorly consistent. Most dangerous examples
include:

A ladder was knocked over as the door to a hallway was closed. When it
was re-opened, the momentum was altered so that instead of falling
over, it instead crashed into the far wall at 60 KPH.

Air inside a chamber of Site 98 was replaced by molten lead

A janitor collapsed as soon as they were recovered from an affected
room. Autopsy showed the absence of their circulatory system (though
their blood still occupied the spaces left by the absent blood
vessels).

Members who were in a section of SCP-5423 when it activated vanished
and have not reappeared.

All objects in the room had undergone severe oxidation. This led to
objects sustaining severe damage and reduced the structural integrity
of the room.

The room in which SCP-5423 originally manifested was a storage room on
the second sub-level of Site 98. There were no anomalous objects
inside when it was discovered and it is presently unknown how it
manifested.

A porthole window was installed in the wall surrounding SCP-5423 on
3/APR/30. When the door is closed, the window immediately changes view
as though it were embedded in the far wall. Refraction shows that the
glass as five centimeters shallower than when the door is closed,
suggesting that part of the window is affected by the anomaly.

A hole was drilled through the wall on 7/JUN/30 while the anomaly was
active. When the drill reached the point where it should have reached
the interior of the storage room, all communications with the testing
team went silent. Site security immediately mobilized, and it was
discovered that the hallway displayed the same anomalous properties as
the room.

On 10/AUG/30, Foundation agents inadvertently caused a 7.8 magnitude
earthquake centered in New York City while neutralizing a Chaos
Insurgency cell. Site 98 was not rated for this level of seismic
activity, and it caused structural damage throughout the site.
SCP-5423 was undergoing testing at the time, and this breached its
previous boundaries, leading to much of Wing E of Site 98 being
compromised.

On 24/AUG/30, Doctor Henry Verne made unauthorized use of a Scranton
Reality Anchor. He set it up inside a section of SCP-5423, activated
the anchor, and then closed the door, engaging its effect. The anomaly
spread to the rest of the site. Due to evacuation procedures, only 15
personnel were on site. Four were recovered unharmed. Five bodies were
also extracted. No other personnel, including Dr. Verne, have been
recovered due to the dangers inside SCP-5423.

- From Dr. Matson's Notes

- Findings

That idiot! I ordered him to report to Site 19. Instead, he made one
last effort to destroy any hope of dealing with this situation.

Well. To be fair, it was clearly an attempt to reverse the damage
already done. And he had a lot to answer for.

While I was waiting for a Foundation courier to arrive with an
encrypted drive, I had Dr. Verne's home searched. We found the notes
on Project Ararat. It's disturbing reading.

The most disturbing part was reading the name at the top of the
report: My own. I remember nothing of the project, but it is clearly
my handwriting. More, I recognize the style of my work as I read
through the experiment logs.

It was supposed to have all been destroyed or sent on to Central
Records, but apparently one copy was left here. I can only assume it
was by me, though that seems incredibly reckless.

As the precis had shown, it was meant to combat anomalies that
affected local reality. Where Scranton Reality Anchors maintain normal
Hume levels, this project did the opposite.

It would drop local Humes to 0, and then raise them back up. In
theory, this would undo any gross alterations of reality. However, the
problems were twofold. First, we found it difficult to actually bring
the Humes back up. When the door is open, the anomaly is still present
in that space. When interaction with unaffected space is high enough,
it's able to "leech" a semblance of reality from the surrounding
system. The anomaly is metastable, and can stay in this state
indefinitely. The second is that, as we have observed here, it doesn't
scale up.

Larger areas suffer degradation of local reality. So do smaller areas,
actually, but the degree is negligible at that scale. A molecule gone
astray here or there, a half degree change in temperature in the space
of a cubic centimeter. However, the larger the area, the less reality
is able to "snap back," and at a certain point it begins to cause
degradation of surrounding reality.

We hadn't solved these issues when Scranton finished his reality
anchor. Honestly, it was a far better, more elegant solution.

I have to wonder, though, why did I leave a copy of my work here? Was
it carelessness? Or was it frustration at giving up the project? I can
say now that scrapping it was the right decision, but did I see that
right after I'd given a year of my life to the project, with nothing
to show for it? Perhaps I hoped I might find it and return to the
research.

I fear I may bear as much responsibility for this disaster as Doctor
Verne.

I can only hope there will be a future left to hate me for it.

Our only hope is that we can find a way contain and reverse this
disaster. The site is lost. Hume levels vary wildly. Even with doors
open, we observe degradation of local reality. I've ordered it closed.
I've presented my findings to the council.

We'll reach out to the best metaphysicists in the GOC, GRU, ORIA, even
the Serpent's Hand, but I'm not optimistic. If we'd known what this
was from the start, we could have fixed this easily.

There must be some solution. We undid our work here the last time, so
we know it must be possible. I can only hope we aren't too late.



WARNING: THIS VERSION HAS BEEN SUPERCEDED BY SCP-5423-6-XK



SCP-5423-6-XK

Item #: 5423

Object Class: Keter (Neutralized)

Containment Procedures: All information related to the creation of
SCP-5423 will remain classified at level 5, with a lock against any
further research.

The creation of MTF Chi-7, "Final Warning," has been authorized. It
will initially be headed by Dr. Cornelius Matson. Its purpose will be
to monitor Foundation research and compare it to previous XK
scenarios, with an eye to preventing the world from ending again.

The former location of Site 98 has been labeled a "superfund" site. A
cover story of industrial waste storage has been reported through the
media. Foundation Restoration teams will pose as workers restoring the
site and guarding it from trespass. The site will be monitored for
reality degradation. Three Scranton Reality Anchors will remain
operational on site until it has been determined that all
tempero-spatial distortion has been repaired.

Description: SCP-5423 was a spatial anomaly in former Foundation Site
98. It was the result of illicit experiments by Foundation personnel
using research material from the abandoned Project Ararat.

The anomaly dropped local Humes to 0 in a fixed space. When
interaction with outside space was sufficient, it would then act as
though reality was normal within the space, using a metastable
bridging effect. However, as the size of the affected space increased,
distortion would increase. It would also put more stress on the
surrounding normal space.

Improperly authorized testing procedures caused the site at large to
be affected by the anomaly. Only through inter-agency cooperation with
the GOC, GRU-P, and member's of the Serpent's Hand was it possible to
enact Operation Earth Diver, which restored the Humes to stable
levels.

From Dr. Matson's Notes: It was touch and go, but we finally made it.
It was Dr. Sarkhosh of the GOC who proposed using the resonance of
several Scranton Reality Anchors to create a stable feedback loop.
Placing them was only possible thanks to scrying by Magister Li from
the Hand. It's rare to see that kind of cooperation from those we
normally consider our enemies. It was... nice, even if I know that
we'll be enemies again when reality is not under immediate threat.

The site is stable enough for now. There are no more areas at 0 Humes,
and without that metastable effect, it should repair itself. Not that
we intend to leave that to chance, of course, but there's no longer
any danger of a cascade effect destroying everything that has existed,
does exist, or will exist.

We were even able to recover some more of those lost in the anomaly.
Not all. Some were simply in no state to survive. But a few. Including
one Dr. Verne. The Foundation no longer demotes researchers to
D-Class, but I doubt his punishment will be much kinder. He and former
Director Alvarez will be kept on ice for a while before learning their
fates.

Despite, or perhaps because, of the role I played in creating this
disaster, I am being assigned to a new task force intended to prevent
such disasters in the future. I will be working closely with Central
Records and the Amnestics Division to protect the Foundation from the
mistakes that others no longer remember. It will be a difficult
challenge, but... I find I actually look forward to the task. It will
be nice to head off disasters like this one before they happen. The
worst part of this mess was seeing what might come and being powerless
to prevent it. Next time, I won't be so helpless.

This is my final entry before this entire log is classified and stored
in the darkest reaches of Central Records. This time, I will not be
keeping a personal copy.

NOTICE: THIS IS THE FINAL VERSION OF SCP-5423.
IT CANNOT BE SUPERCEDED WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION OF THE O5 COUNCIL.



