                                    SCP-4892                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Rotten God                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-4892 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4892 is to be contained within a secure 
storage chamber at Site-██ and kept under surveillance by two security 
personnel at all times. All individuals working with SCP-4892 are to undergo 
mental resistance therapy before beginning their assignment in order to ensure 
no adverse mental influence takes place. 

Tracking of GoI-1999 ("The Order of the Rotten God") and its members is to be 
handled by the Foundation's Intelligence Agency. 

Description: SCP-4892 is a bovine carcass in a state of advanced decomposition, 
which is host to an incorporeal extradimensional entity capable of exerting 
significant mental influence over extremely large distances. 

The potential range of SCP-4892's mental influence is currently unknown but is 
believed to, at minimum, encompass the entirety of the planet. Mental 
interference from SCP-4892 comes in the form of extremely vivid and disturbing 
dreams which the victim will experience over an extended period of time, with 
known durations ranging from one week to six months. 

Despite the disturbing nature of these dreams, victims of SCP-4892's mental 
influence will invariably come to see it as a benevolent figure, commonly 
adopting the view that its current physical host must be destroyed in order to 
free the extradimensional entity. Although compromised individuals believe that 
this will then allow said extradimensional entity to recreate the physical world 
into a more ideal state, it is the belief of Foundation analysts that this could 
instead become the trigger for an XK-Class end-of-the-world-scenario. 

The majority of individuals compromised by SCP-4892 have organized into a 
religious group named 'The Order of the Rotten God', and frequently launch 
attacks upon the Foundation and other anomalous groups in an effort to locate 
their deity. 


Addendum 4892-1 (Retrieved Audio Log): 

The following is an audio log retrieved from an abandoned Order of the Rotten 
God recruiting station in New York City on 17/03/2020. The log consists of a 
conversation between the leader of GoI-1999, Carson Mackenzie, and a new recruit 
identified as a local occult enthusiast, Daniel Boone. 

<Begin Log> 

Carson Mackenzie: Well, I'd like to thank you, son, for coming to see me today. 
I know that must've taken much courage on your part, what with my community's 
reputation. 

Daniel Boone: Um, yes, thank you, sir. I just - 

Carson Mackenzie: Come now, there's no need to be nervous. (laughs) I'm a fella 
just like you. I don't bite. Call me Carson - or Mr. Mackenzie, if that'd make 
you a tad more comfortable. 

(Pause.) 

Daniel Boone: Yes. Thank you, Mr. Mackenzie. 

Carson Mackenzie: See? That wasn't so bad, was it? Let me try and guess why 
you're here today, Danny boy. (chuckles) You had a dream, right? 

Daniel Boone: Yes, yes, that's it. One of my cabal friends referred me to you 
after I mentioned these dreams. I've been having them for, uh, for two weeks 
now, every night. Real bad ones. 

(Pause.) 

Carson Mackenzie: Yes, yes, I can see … you close your eyes in your comfy bed 
and when you open them, you're in a slaughterhouse. That's right, ain't it? 

(Pause.) 

Carson Mackenzie: Danny, you remember the slaughterhouse, don't you? 

Daniel Boone: That's … that's exactly right. 

Carson Mackenzie: You remember what it looks like? 

(Pause.) 

Carson Mackenzie: Describe it for me. 

Daniel Boone: Well, it's an - it's an awful place. Full of blood and guts, all 
over the walls, from all sorts of animals. 

Carson Mackenzie: Humans, even. 

Daniel Boone: Yeah, humans too. It's just … the most horrible thing. 

Carson Mackenzie: And then there's the cow. 

Daniel Boone: The … the cow? 

Carson Mackenzie: The one in the center of the slaughterhouse. The one that's 
been rotting for a while, skull all exposed. Remember? 

(Pause.) 

Daniel Boone: …of course. I couldn't ever forget that thing. Just awful. 

Carson Mackenzie: Well, everyone thinks that the first time they see it, but 
then you get a better look - and you can see it's actually looking out for you. 
You know the, ah, the word - benevolent. It's like you're having a big fluffy 
coat put over you. 

Daniel Boone: (laughs) Yeah. Felt nice. 

Carson Mackenzie: I felt the exact same way when it happened to me, son - as did 
all the members of my community. You felt as if this cow - if it weren't trapped 
in that rotting old corpse - could do so much good for the world. Right? 

Daniel Boone: Yeah. I thought that the moment I saw it. 

Carson Mackenzie: But it's far away. Locked up. 

(Pause.) 

Daniel Boone: It's real? 

Carson Mackenzie: Course it's real, son. The human mind can't make up that kind 
of thing. 

Daniel Boone: Do you … do you know where it is? We've gotta get it out of 
there! Can I help, mister? Please? 

(Pause.) 

Carson Mackenzie: Well … I'm sure we can find some use for you, son. 

<End Log> 



Additional authentication accepted. Please proceed, Agent. 



Item #: SCP-4892

Object Class: N/A

Special Containment Procedures: Reports on the activities of GoI-1999
("The Order of the Rotten God") are to be submitted twice a week to
the Intelligence Agency by Agent Glenn. Any scheduled raids on the
Foundation or other groups of interest are to be approved by Director
Rose of the Intelligence Agency before action may be taken.

In order to maintain information security, full information on
SCP-4892 is only available to members of the Intelligence Agency
directly involved with its operation, as well as the O5 Council.

Description: According to the official Foundation database, SCP-4892
is a bovine carcass in a state of advanced decomposition, which is
host to an incorporeal extradimensional entity capable of exerting
significant mental influence over extremely large distances.

This is a falsehood: in actuality, SCP-4892 does not exist.

SCP-4892, as described in official Foundation records, was created for
the purposes of providing a backstory for GoI-1999 ("The Order of the
Rotten God"), a group which is currently used as a proxy for the
Foundation's own interests. GoI-1999 is currently led by Agent Simon
Glenn using the cover identity of "Carson Mackenzie".

Agent Glenn and several other embedded operatives within GoI-19991 are
the only individuals in the group aware of SCP-4892's non-existence.
All other members have been legitimately recruited to the
organization, and fully believe in the mythology and deity created for
it. Recruitment to GoI-1999 is achieved via subtly exposing the
individual to memetic agents which create an unclear but negative
dream state - the details of this dream are then solidified within the
individual's mind upon suggestion from a recruiter.

GoI-1999 serves three primary purposes:

Consolidation of potential threats: Those recruited into GoI-1999 are
selected from a pool of individuals determined by the Intelligence
Agency to have the potential to become threats to the Foundation in
the future, whether through joining the ranks of a rival group or via
an individual effort. By recruiting them into GoI-1999 before they can
present such a threat, these individuals can become assets rather than
obstacles.

Interaction with hostile groups: Due to GoI-1999's open opposition to
the Foundation, they are able to interact on neutral or even positive
terms with groups that share similar views, enabling them to come into
possession of intelligence that the Foundation acting alone would be
unable to. This intelligence is then transferred to the Foundation via
reports from embedded agents.

Deniable action: In the majority of cases where the Foundation has
engaged in hostilities with another group in order to gain custody of
a dangerous anomaly, said groups have engaged in retaliatory action
against the Foundation at a later date, resulting in casualties among
personnel and potential breaches of containment. By having GoI-1999
take action as a proxy combatant taking custody of an anomaly, under
the guise of attempting to retrieve their deity, these retaliatory
attacks will thus be focused on GoI-1999 rather than the Foundation -
and the relevant anomaly can then be retrieved from GoI-1999 through a
staged raid at a later date.

Since the establishment of 'The Order of the Rotten God' project in
02/09/2015, it has been instrumental in the retrieval of fourty-nine
anomalous objects later given SCP designation.


Addendum 4892-1 (Memo):

Intelligence Agency Director

Ezekiel Rose

02/09/2020

Today marks the fifth anniversary of the establishment of GoI-1999,
and I couldn't be more pleased with its success. Make no mistake, this
success is due to the hard work of every single one of you who has
worked on this project - from our own Agent Glenn, who has spearheaded
this great effort, to every single data analyst who helped us build
our pool of recruits. You, every one of you brave men and women, have
formed a great cage with your wit to contain the threats to the
Foundation we all serve - and indeed, to drag new anomalies behind
those bars as well.

When I first became director five years ago, I made no secret of my
disappointment in the path we had taken thus far. We had grown content
to merely listen and watch, looking through keyholes into the world
outside, reporting our findings as if we were children on the
playground running to tattle to a teacher.

We had forgotten what it was to act. To decide what shape the world
should take. And now, on this day, I feel like we've finally learnt
that again. I cannot overstate how proud I am of all of you, as if you
were all my own children. Hold your heads high - you've earned it. And
never doubt you've done the right thing.

In the past, we at the Intelligence Agency have been subject to
naysayers who doubt the necessity of our methods - as well as their
effectiveness. This is what I have said to these people every single
time:

Try not to worry about it. There's far more of us than you'd expect,
and far less of you.


Footnotes

1. A full list of embedded operatives is available upon request by
authorized personnel.


