                                    SCP-915                                     
                                    =======                                     

                        The Mechanotesseractic Computer                         
                        -------------------------------                         

Item #: SCP-915 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: All explorations of the interior of 915 must be 
documented, with a complete manifest of all personnel and equipment to be taken 
into 915. 

Declarations of intent to explore the interior or experiment with the 
computational abilities of SCP-915 must be declared one (1) week in advance. No 
interior explorations can take place while the computational abilities of 915 
are being tested. Also, no computation test can be initiated while exploration 
or maintenance is taking place within 915. 

All interior explorations are to be limited to a period of one (1) hour. Longer 
forays require special dispensation from the lead researcher, Dr. Foudray. All 
explorers are to be physically linked to a high density nylon cord which is 
anchored at a point outside 915. 

Standardized testing protocols of the specifications of 915 are to applied to 
both 915 and the block of computers which are considered experimental controls. 
These control computers are specified as model HP Slimline S3600F. 

Description: SCP-915 is a mechanical computation device with a highly 
non-Euclidean internal configuration. It was the result of experimentation 
involving the effect of ███-███ upon SCP-914. Despite appearing 
entirely mechanical, 915 completely replicates the capabilities of the input 
device, one (1) HP Slimline S3600F desktop computer. It appears that 915's 
exceptional topology makes these computational specifications possible. The 
current theory suggests that extensive outpocketing in space and time allows 
computations per second that would be associated with a mechanical device to be 
superseded. 

The exterior of 915 is a metal cube with sides of one point three meters 
(1.3 m) in length. Plastic inserts can be found on all edges, presumably as a 
safety measure to prevent contact with sharp metal seams. One side of the metal 
cube is able to be removed, allowing access into the interior of 915. Opposite 
this access point is an articulated metal arm, leading up to 915's display. This 
metal arm is composed of several pistons which have the effect of precisely 
changing the tapestry that is the primary element of 915's display. 

915's display consists of a tapestry woven in an extremely dense fashion held 
inside a metal enclosure. Despite the density of the tapestry, it is still able 
to be manipulated by mechanical arms inside the enclosure to a high degree of 
precision. This precise manipulation is able to fundamentally alter the 
appearance of the tapestry in controlled ways. 

Note: Due to its effect on RA 915-a, continued research involving the knot 
theory at work in 915's display has been suspended. -Dr. Foudray 

The interior of 915 is a mass of gears and clockwork, as well as more esoteric 
mechanical components used in computation. A constant mechanical drone, as well 
as deeper sounds of grinding, can be heard within 915. These sounds all 
experience modulation and distortion, predicted to be the result of the 
nonstandard topology 915 possesses. 915 maintains passageways through its 
interior, presumably to assist in the occasional maintenance of 915. When 915 
requires maintenance, it will display a summary of the required repair, as well 
as displaying a map leading to the site within 915 where maintenance is 
required. 

The interior of 915 experiences constant shifts, making navigation very 
difficult. Further, maintaining radio contact is complicated by the topology of 
915, often leading to delays and weakening of transmission only a few meters 
from the entrance. While some success has been accomplished using physical 
contact (such as high density nylon cord) instances have been recorded where the 
cord has been severed, embedded in portions of 915's interior, or with portions 
seemingly curled back upon themselves with the ends somehow fused together. 

The interior is often unsettling to subjects and investigators. Many cases of 
disorientation, nausea, and fainting have been reported within 915. It is 
indeterminate how much of these symptoms are a result of the sensory corruption 
due to the non-Euclidian nature of 915, and how much is the direct effect on 
humanity of exposure to locally nonflat spacetime. 

The internal configuration of 915 appears to be related to computations 
performed by the device, with more extensive computations requiring a larger 
degree of internal reorganization. 

The power source of 915 seems to be infalling air from the exterior environment. 
The source of this pressure gradient, and the ultimate disposition of the 
infalling gas, is indeterminate at this time. See Appendix 915a. 


Addenda: 

915a: Team 915-j5 found the edge of the interior of 915. They described it as a 
great wall of blackness. They said it swallowed the light from their 
flashlights, but it seems more probable that there simply wasn't anything for 
the lights to reflect off of. Further, the team described an eerie whistling as 
a wind from the interior of 915 blew out to the void. Is this a possible power 
source? Is the interior of 915 suspended in a large void and it derives power 
from the pressure gradient between our atmosphere and this vacuum? Further 
investigation is warranted, assuming we can find the edge again of course. 

-Dr. Foudray 

915b: Dr. Snorlison was recently lost within the interior of SCP-915 for over a 
month. Despite this, his body showed no signs of dehydration or malnutrition. 
However, other ancillary factors, such as hair growth, indicated he experienced 
several months of subjective time while within 915. Further investigation is 
warranted, however Dr. Snorlison is being reassigned and will not be available 
to experimenters for comment. 

915c: I've decided to release some of my assistant's research notes in light of 
recent events involving Researcher #915-c. -Dr. Foudray 

915d: In light of the investigation taken of the material related to research of 
this device, as well as further anomalous events originating in the interior of 
915, research on 915 has been suspended at this time. 

It seems interactions with SCP-915 tend to fall into two categories. Most reject 
the non-Euclidean geometry that 915 displays, ending with a surface appreciation 
of these traits and mental equilibrium intact. However, a few cases have emerged 
of researchers and agents internalizing their experiences with 915 in a way 
detrimental to their mental health. Further, it appears intimate knowledge of 
the workings of 915 may allow one so affected to induce preternatural effects in 
one's environment. 

We have taken steps to determine who is most susceptible to this "damaging 
insight". While no concrete results have emerged, current evidence suggests that 
mathematicians and artists concerned with appreciation and understanding of 
"space" and "shape" are the most likely to internalize the experience of 915. 
-Dr. Foudray 


Personal Log of RA 915-g 

Excerpts of the Personal Log of Research Assistant #915-g

SCP involved: SCP-915

09/12/2007

The purpose of this first excursion is… well, to fix 915. Two weeks
ago 915 reported a need to replace "Gasket Epsilon Drugge" and printed
a map of a portion of its interior in addition to necessary
instructions to repair 915.

The first impression I got of the interior of 915 is the noise.
Voices, even when the source is within two feet, seemed deadened.
Inflection is lost as though the air were somehow thicker.

However, the operation of 915 produces a wide menagerie of sounds.
Additionally, each sound seems strangely altered. It reminds of that
clip I heard in college. Lucifer something. Annotation: I'm recalling
Alvin Lucier's "I Am Sitting In A Room". Even the deep sounds that I
think might come from large hydraulic action have a distinct buzz.

There's also a very high pitched hum that fades in and out. Mercifully
it's never very loud. It does play havoc with understanding what some
of the team says though.

This excursion is considered a success. We followed the map precisely,
and the "Gasket" was repaired.


09/28/2007

Now Dr. Foudray has us entering SCP-915 to "wander around".
Technically, we've been mapping and cataloging portions of the
interior of 915. We've used spray paint laced with a form of radio
isotope to do the tagging. Foudray hopes that perhaps we can start to
identify patterns in the geometry of 915. It's so relentlessly
mechanical, perhaps the non-euclidean following reciprocating cycles
as well.


10/01/2007

We lost a member of the team. No one can quite explain how it
happened. The team leader thinks we noticed it only a few seconds
after it happened, but how can he be sure?

At 13:45, when we set up the ideogram, he was there. At 13:52, #D-4605
reported that someone was missing. Her count wasn't correct.

It was soon established that the missing party was #D-3354. The team
leader immediately checked the nylon cord for cuts. There were none
despite the fact that #D-3354's connection point was missing.

This is very speculative, but it almost seems the cord was folded back
on itself in extra-dimensional space so that the portion of the cord
containing #D-3354's connection point was… guess the best way to put
it would be "budded off".

The team leader had us leave the interior of 915 once we established
the nylon cord was intact. Surprisingly, it only took ten minutes of
travel time to reach the entrance.

Also, the system we put in place seemed to be subverted by 915's
internal geometry. Each member of the team is equipped with
transponders that constantly broadcast a IFOF tag and constantly keep
track of each team member's IFF. The transponders of the team didn't
stop receiving #D-3354's tag until 4:03.


10/01/2007

All experimentations probing the capabilities of SCP-915 have halted
for the time being so rotating teams can conduct a 24 hour search of
the interior of 915.

That's all we get. Though the capabilities of 915 replicate in every
respect a modest Hewlett-Packard personal computer, the Overseers wish
to continue to test if 915 is capable of being coaxed to more
performance.


11/06/2007

Well, we've finally found samples of our radio isotope. It's keyed to
#D-3354's can. The weird thing, though, is that it's not the
Foundation-approved ideogram. Perhaps it's an attempt to communication
on the part of #D-3354?

The disturbing part is how childish the scrawl looks. It almost looks
like whoever made this was finger painting. I'm at a loss to what it
means. We've put each person exposed to the interior of SCP-915
through extensive psychological testing and there's been no evidence
of any intelligence reduction.


11/10/2007

The finger prints are not those of #D-3354. They are not of any
Foundation employee. What?


11/15/2007

We found a child's tea set. Well. We found what look like a teapot and
cups. They were made of gears. There was a table, too. It looked like
it was made of pistons and hydraulic chambers within an exterior wire
mesh.

We found a clockwork doll nearby, about 1ft in length. It looks like
it has been damaged or thrown — the arm is detached and there are a
few pieces of damaged clockwork around where it lay.

There was tea in the teapot. It was warm.

The conclusion is starting to seem undeniable that, somehow, the
interior of 915 has been subverted by either a group or individual
unaffiliated with the Foundation.


