                                    SCP-451                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                 Mister Lonely                                  
                                 -------------                                  

Item #: SCP-451 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-451's current state, physical 
containment is not feasible. Extensive study of Agent J████'s 
psychological profile has allowed researchers to provide him with a mental task 
in order to keep him at Site-19. A security detail of two guards must accompany 
SCP-451 at all times in order to prevent attempts to access or release other 
potentially dangerous objects contained on-site. Any research into SCP-451 
should be restricted to determining ways to contain or communicate with him. 

Description: SCP-451, formerly Agent M█████ J████, is a 
Caucasian male, 33 years of age and 1.6 m tall. SCP-451 can not perceive the 
presence or actions of other human beings. Changes made to the immediate 
environment are generally not noted by SCP-451 unless his attention is elsewhere 
for any arbitrary period of time. Certain changes to SCP-451's surroundings are 
misinterpreted, including all attempts to communicate with him and any clear 
evidence of direct human intervention. Study may be necessary to determine a 
pattern in what is perceived and what is not. 

SCP-451 appeared at Site-19, one month after he was declared MIA following a 
failed attempt to retrieve a dangerous artifact. The actions of SCP-451 were 
found to be consistent with stress responses indicated in Agent J████'s 
psychological profile. Reports of petty thefts and "ghost sightings" between the 
artifact's location and Site-19 suggest that SCP-451 traveled here on foot, 
taking what resources were at hand. The artifact itself remains at large. 

Addendum 451-1: SCP-451 has recently shown suicidal tendencies. Despite how many 
staff feel about his presence, it is no excuse for providing him with convenient 
methods of self-termination. SCP-451 was a valuable agent before his accident 
and can be again if he ever regains his full perception. 

Addendum 451-2: Following the events described in Incident Report 451-1, further 
attempts at convincing SCP-451 to self-terminate will result in suspensions of 
all involved personnel. We have him classified as Euclid for a reason. 

Addendum 451-3: Though direct communication is not possible with SCP-451, it has 
been found that active attempts to deceive him have varying rates of success. A 
program has been put in place to plant false evidence for SCP-451. His 
psychological profile indicates that he will construct a narrative using this 
evidence. This "plotline" is intended to keep SCP-451 at Site-19 where he may 
continue to be monitored. Contingencies have also been made in case any evidence 
is overlooked or misinterpreted. 

Incident 451-1: On 07/08/20██, SCP-451 discovered a firearm left for him by 
Site-19 staff. SCP-451 entered the main break room, placed the weapon in his 
mouth, and fired it. The bullet passed through SCP-451 without harming him and 
entered a Level 2 researcher. The researcher was briefly able to interact with 
SCP-451 before expiring. Unfortunately, no useful information was passed on to 
SCP-451. 


Document 451-A: Contents of SCP-451's Journal 

06/05/20██: It's been a month since everyone in the world disappeared.
I should have never touched [REDACTED]. I should have called for
backup. At the least, someone else would be to blame for killing off
the human race. I'm in ████████ right now, the last town before I
reach Site 19. Decided to take a pen and notebook and write down what
I can in case there's another survivor somewhere. ████████ is just
like all the other towns I've been to, as though it was abandoned just
a minute ago. There are cars parked by the sidewalks and hot food on
the tables. I'd assume time is just standing still but there's still a
day and night and the calendars are always right. Things make less
sense now than when it first happened. Tomorrow, I'm going to make my
way to Site 19. If there are any answers anywhere, that's where
they'll be. Maybe I can even find a way to undo the damage.

06/07/20██: Site 19 is just like the towns. The security gate was open
when I got there. The cafeteria had the lunch menu up, including my
favourite. I helped myself to a little bit of it and put the rest in
the fridge so it doesn't go bad. It's funny, when I was a kid, I
fantasized about this. Everyone would be gone and I could go where my
parents wouldn't let me and eat all the candy I wanted. Might actually
be enjoying this if I hadn't grown out of it.

I'm using my old quarters as my base of operations. Everything's been
moved around in there and a lot of the stuff isn't mine. Tried to
listen to this Norwegian band that was in the CD player. Couldn't
stand them so I put their CDs in the quarters next door. I think it
belonged to Agent Rommel way back when. Used to have some good times
with him. This is going to be tougher than I thought.

06/08/20██: Went back to the cafeteria this morning. Food was still
steaming in the trays, half-eaten meals all over the tables. Checked
in the fridge to help myself to some reheated tomato soup and couldn't
find it anywhere. And then I realized that the breakfast menu is up.
What the hell? Maybe I didn't read it right yesterday and it was the
same menu then. But still, where the hell did my soup go?

Maybe the boredom is getting to me. Haven't done anything constructive
since I got here. Tomorrow, I'm going to start looking through recent
documents and see if anyone noticed anything.

06/09/20██: Terminals won't accept my access codes! Should have known
it wouldn't be that easy. I managed to find Rommel's codes where he
usually hides them. God bless your shitty memory, Rommel, wherever you
are. So far, all I could find were some of his active cases. Tomorrow,
I'm going to use some backdoors with Rommel's access and find me some
good stuff in there.

06/10/20██: Went to the terminal right after getting up. Now Rommel's
password won't work either. Spent 2 hours trying to get in before I
gave up. Might have to start looking for paper records.

Went to cafeteria and found the lunch menu up. No tomato soup. There
was cream of mushroom instead. No plates on the tables anymore either.
Took some grilled ham and cheese and went back to my quarters. I need
to think.

06/11/20██: Starting to feel like I'm being followed. Probably just
paranoid. Broke into Dr. ██████'s office. File folder was on her desk.
Looked away for a moment and it was gone. I might be going crazy but I
know it was there! Managed to pick the lock on the file cabinets but
they wouldn't budge when I tried to open them. Almost felt like they
were pulling themselves shut. Tried in 5 other offices and the same
thing happened.

06/12/20██: Went to cafeteria this morning. Breakfast menu. Went back
4 hours later and lunch menu was up. Went one more time at 17:00 and
saw the dinner menu. Either I'm going crazy or the world is. Still
feel like I'm being followed all the time so I can't count out Option
1.

Knocked over a file cabinet and finally managed to grab some files
before the drawer slammed itself shut. Files included SCP-173,
SCP-945, and SCP-657. Nothing that really shed light on the situation.
Folders disappeared right after I put them down.

06/13/20██: Bullshit. Every file cabinet I can find is bolted to the
walls now. Can't even knock them over. Even the ones I went to before
wouldn't budge. At least the cafeteria had tomato soup again. Right
now, I'll take what I can get.

06/14/20██: (Researchers attempted to communicate by writing in the
journal; this was overwritten by SCP-451) [DATA ILLEGIBLE] pissed in
the chicken curry! And I think stuff is disappearing from my room now.
Pen's missing. Stole one from Rommel's room.

06/17/20██: Given up wearing clothes. Realized Site 19 is temperature
controlled so all I really need are some sneakers. It's not like
anyone will see me. Still can't find anything useful. I'm blocked
everywhere I go.

06/18/20██: Woke up shivering. Thermometer said it's only 5 Celcius.
Wish I didn't put my clothes in the incinerator. Stole some from
Rommel's room. Too big for me but at least I can stay warm.

06/19/20██: Warm again. Yesterday was cold as hell. Could be things
are finally starting to break down. Should have happened a long time
ago.

06/20/20██: And cold. It's like when the sun's only out if you have an
umbrella. And then it's pissing down if you leave it at work.

06/25/20██: Compromised by wearing a bathrobe. Probably for the best,
I still feel those invisible eyes on me.

06/26/20██: Haven't done any searching for over a week. Can't be
bothered. Liver and onions for lunch today.

06/27/20██: Fried chicken.

06/28/20██: Veggie burgers. Threw them in the trash.

06/29/20██: Beef stir fry. Could have used some soy sauce but it was
all gone.

06/30/20██: Pizza day. No Hawaiian. Total bust.

07/02/20██: Second monthiversary since I killed everyone yesterday.
Celebrated with some beer stashed behind Rommel's desk. Drank a second
one for him. Drank another for each person I killed until I passed
out. Woke up in a pool of vomit with what felt like an axe in my
skull. Hair of the dog took the edge off.

07/03/20██: Rommel's room empty. Should have known that wouldn't last.
Ate a whole freakin' submarine sandwich. Wish I didn't.

07/04/20██: Found a story by Harlan Ellison in someone's quarters.
Almost fits me to a T. But what's the point in screaming if nobody's
around to hear it?

07/05/20██: I'm a f██████ coward. Can't even kill myself without
asking for help. Went into SCP-173's room and closed my eyes. SOB
didn't even touch me. Instead [DATA REDACTED]. Wish I just disappeared
with the rest of them.

07/06/20██: Decided to chill with a few more SCPs. Still alive.
F██████ useless.

07/07/20██: Found razor blades on the floor of my room and a noose
hanging from the ceiling. Couldn't go through with it. Still need help
to do this.

07/08/20██: Found a gun. That should finish me off fast. Going to
break room to get this done. Been nice talking to you.

I saw someone! Failed at killing myself but I got him good. Ran to
infirmary to get first aid supplies. He was gone by the time I got
back there. So was the gun. Couldn't even see any blood.

07/11/20██: There was a memo hiding behind my desk. Don't quite know
what it means but it basically says everyone's going to die, according
to SCP-657's predictions. Tells people to make peace with their gods
and to enjoy their final moments. Looks almost legit if it weren't for
the date of the deaths: July 11. Today.

07/12/20██: The memo's changed. Now the date is July 12. I think I've
got a theory brewing in my head. I'm travelling between dimensions. In
each one I visit, the human race has just disappeared a moment ago. It
all fits together! That explains why documents keep disappearing from
right in front of me. Why nothing seems to break down even though it's
been 2 months. Why I keep getting regular meals all the time.

If I keep popping between dimensions, it might be possible for me to
find a way back home. Site 19 still has the best resources to get this
done. I just have to figure out what they are.

07/13/20██: Found something interesting. Looks like the artifact I was
trying to recover has wound up in the Foundation's hands in these
parallel dimensions. Could be the key to getting out of this mess. The
search is on to find this thing's SCP designation and get my claws on
it.

07/14/20██: This is my last entry in this journal as I've run out of
room. Serves me right for stealing from a dollar store. I'm leaving
this in my quarters for safekeeping. Even though everything else
changes moment by moment, things seem to stay constant here. Aside
from the memos. 657 keeps giving today's date as the end of the world.
I'm keeping my new journal with me at all times. If I shift without
it, a lot of data might be lost. I don't want that to happen.

Goodbye, dear journal. You've served me well.

Due to SCP-451's compulsion to keep the second journal on his person
at all times, it is not currently possible to determine its contents.
A covert operation by SCP-423 has been suggested and is pending
review.



