                                    SCP-2505                                    
                                    ========                                    

                             Entry Creation Wizard                              
                             ---------------------                              

SCP-2505

Entry Creation Wizard

For technical support, contact David Rosen, or as I'd rather prefer, don't.

Note: Stop calling and telling me that the Wizard doesn't work on Android or 
your browser of choice. You shouldn't be accessing the database on anything 
other than a thoroughly scrubbed system through the standard browser, anyway. 


Warning: Creation of fraudulent articles will result in disciplinary
action. I wish this warning didn't need to be here. Seriously guys,
the whole 'J' classification thing is getting old.

Error Code: 35720. Please contact Tech Support, because anything you
do by yourself will probably make it worse.


Authorisation Code: 
•••••••••••••••••

Item #: SCP-2505

Object Class: 

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-2505 is only to be referred to as SCP-2505. No pronouns are to be
used to refer to SCP-2505. No static documentation is to exist for
SCP-2505; nor indeed can it ever last for long. All personnel
designated to SCP-2505 are to memorise relevant experimental results.

Description:

SCP-2505 is a small metallic ball bearing which is affected by an
anomalous informational phenomenon. Any information recorded in a
static manner about SCP-2505 will consistently delete or destroy
itself approximately 7.4 seconds after its creation. This method of
removal is dependent on the method of recording. For text entered into
a computer one character at a time, the information is deleted one
character at a time 7.4 seconds after each character is typed. For
digital audio recordings about SCP-2505, files will be edited in real
time 7.4 seconds after recording to white noise. Both of these methods
cause no lasting damage to the electronics that they are being
recorded on. For non-computerised formats, the removal of information
can be more destructive. For example, with vinyl audio recordings, the
sections of recorded sound on the vinyl will superheat 7.4 seconds
after recording, melting the record and destroying the data. For
information written by typewriter or pen, the ink will typically
dissipate into airborne particulate. Information carved into surfaces
typically results in the catastrophic destruction of the surface. When
a non-human sapient mind is introduced to information about SCP-2505,
it will typically forget that information after 7.4 seconds. The only
known long-term method of recording information on SCP-2505 is storage
within a human mind; that is, remembering the information. Besides
this effect, SCP-2505 exhibits no other anomalous properties;
SCP-2505's shape is, however, exceptionally close to a perfect
sphere.



