                                    SCP-5817                                    
                                    ========                                    

                 There's no place like the Republic of Kingston                 
                 ----------------------------------------------                 

Item #: SCP-5817 

Level 3

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: KENEQ

Risk Class: Notice

CONFIDENTIAL


Special Containment Procedures: All internet services in a country affected by 
SCP-5817 are to be shut down until SCP-5817's websites are inaccessible. 
Automated programs are to monitor SCP-5817's activity by collecting all 
information in its pages and storing it in Site-68's computers. All remaining 
evidence of the existence of SCP-5817-1 is to be denied to the general public. 

Description: SCP-5817 is a monthly phenomenon that affects all internet services 
in a country for roughly one minute. Attempts of accessing any website during 
SCP-5817 will redirect users to a counterpart that advertises a nonexistant 
country named Republic of Kingston, designated SCP-5817-1. According to these 
altered pages, SCP-5817-1: 

Includes the territories of Jamaica, Haiti, Cuba, Dominican Republic and parts 
of Mexico and Guatemala. 

Has large cultural and ethnic varieties.

Is a democratic republic with a president named Horace Rosencratz, a 71 year old 
male. 

Has no documented cases of civilian violence in its territories.

Discovery: SCP-5817 was first documented in March 15th of 2013, having taken 
place in Jamaica. The manifestation caused a collective hysteria due to being 
interpreted as a declaration of the independence of Kingston, the local capital 
city, made by a revolutionary group. While Jamaican authorities managed to 
pacify the population by stating the SCP-5817 event was "an inoffensive prank 
made by hackers", none of the affected sites showed any trace of hacking in 
their change logs. 

While the Foundation would later intervene in police investigations, SCP-5817 
wouldn't be officially classified until April 15th of the same year, when it 
took place in Panama. Dr. Ignatius has been assigned to study SCP-5817 since 
then. 


Incident Report SCP-5817-A:

In December 15th of 2015, an SCP-5817 news website named Kingston Everyday 
announced that president Horace Rosencratz was considering to let a fleet of 
patrol boats watch the city of Nassau, Bahamas, after a flawed negotiation with 
the local Prime Minister. It was also mentioned that the Bahamas have been 
launching attacks against SCP-5817-1 territory for unknown reasons. Later that 
day, locals reported the presence of unmanned vessels with unidentified flags 
near the coastal zone of Nassau. The Foundation managed to retrieve one of the 
boats for study purposes. Perry Christie, Prime Minister of the Bahamas at the 
time, claimed to never have met anyone named Horace Rosencratz. 

In January 15th of 2016, Kingston Everyday became accessible again and displayed 
the following headlines: 

Kingstonian Patrol Boat Stolen!


Interview Log SCP-5817-B:

Interviewed: Subject-5817-B

Interviewer: Dr. Ignatius

Foreword: Subject-5817-B, a 71-year-old Caucasian male, was found in February 
16th of 2016 in Cuba and taken to Site-68 to be interviewed. Comparisons showed 
that subject bears great resemblance to images of Horace Rosencratz extracted 
from SCP-5817's websites. No information about name and origin of the subject 
was found in any non-SCP-5817 database before the interview. 

<Begin Log>

Dr. Ignatius: Alright, now that we are here, could you please tell me your name?

Subject-5817-B: My name? Well, you can call me Horace.

Dr. Ignatius: So, Mr. Horace, you don't seem to come from Cuba and-

Subject-5817-B: Cuba? Don't you mean the "Havana district"?

Dr. Ignatius: No, sir. I said Cuba

Subject-5817-B: Oh no no no, (laughs) Cuba isn't that dumpster you're talking 
about anymore, it's part of something bigger now: the Republic of Kingston. 

Dr. Ignatius: I don't think I ever heard about a place like this really 
existing. 

Subject-5817-B: Hm? How could you never have heard of Kingston?

Dr. Ignatius: The Kingston I know is the capital city of Jamaica, not a well 
known country. Could you please tell me about it? 

Subject-5817-B: Well yes! Kingston is located in Central America and it's a 
paradise unlike any other place in the continent, with natural beauty, gorgeous 
cities and an efficient government, and I'm not saying this just because I'm the 
President. (laughs) 

Dr. Ignatius: So you're the President of that "Republic" you're talking about. 
Well, then what have you done for your country so far? 

Subject-5817-B: You see, I worry about other places of the world, about how they 
lack the features that make Kingston perfect. Right now, most of them are 
questionable, unlikable, some shouldn't even be countries to begin with! Take 
this place for example: great ambitions, insufficient resources, ones that only 
Kingston can efficiently provide. That's why I started the Kingstonian expansion 
project. 

Dr. Ignatius: You were given information about us before?

Subject-5817-B: Well yes. There was a day where one of our patrol boats was 
stolen back in 2015, and the Kingstonian Intelligence Center manage to track it. 
According to them, the ship was inside this exact site, owned by some kind of 
Foundation. Since that day, they have researched information about you and how 
you study supposed anomalies, some really hard to keep under control. On the 
other hand, we have a powerful army and technology that would certainly make 
your most dangerous monsters look like little bunnies stuck in a cage. So, lets 
make a deal, shall we? 

Dr. Ignatius: A deal?

Subject-5817-B: This place becomes our territory for scientific research and, in 
return, we shall help you with containment and structural improvements. What do 
you think? 

Dr. Ignatius: I-I'm sorry, sir, but this isn't the purpose of the interview.

Subject-5817-B: Then I think I'm done with it for now. Is there any way to talk 
to whoever directs this (pauses) place? 

Dr. Ignatius: I'm afraid this won't be possible.

Subject-5817-B: Well, then I guess there is no point discussing it right now. 
We'd be better off talking about this another day. In this case, could someone 
take me to the exit? 

<End Log>

Closing Statement: After the interview, subject was taken to a humanoid 
containment cell in Site-68. All attempts at amnesticization of the entity were 
unsuccessful. 


Incident Log SCP-5817-C:

Foreword: In the morning of March 15th of 2016, a camera documented two 
Foundation guards, who were responsible for watching Subject-5817-B slowly 
having their appearences changed while keeping the same outfit. The 
transformation took place during SCP-5817, which was affecting Site-68 at the 
time, and the affected guards removed Subject-5817-B from its cell after the 
event was over. Two minutes later, Dr. Ignatius, who was walking at a nearby 
corridor at the time, encountered the two guards and Subject-5817-B. A different 
camera managed to record the event. 
Below is a transcript of the recorded content.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Ignatius is walking down a corridor when he meets the two guards and 
Subject-5817-B 

Dr. Ignatius: W-what are you doing in here? Weren''t you supposed to keep the 
subject in the containment cell? 

Guard 1: We have been ordered to take this subject to Dock-7 so it can be 
transferred to Site-██. 

Dr. Ignatius: Transferring this subject is out of question at the moment, I 
still need some interviews with him to understand SCP-5817. 

Guard 2: Earlier orders from the site directory stated that the transfer is a 
top priority. 

Dr. Ignatius: I was at the site directory this morning and saw their schedules, 
there was nothing about transfer there. Now could you please tak-(pauses) have I 
ever seen you two before? 

Guard 2: We're (inaudible), hired by the Foundation one year ago. Currently the 
only members of Site-68's security personnel to come from the Republic of 
Kingston. 

Dr. Ignatius: Kingston? No no no no no, the Foundation never hired anyone from 
Kingston, I will call the real security perso- 

Speaker: Attention all security personnel, Subject-5817-B is currently being 
transferred to Site-██. (inaudible) are responsible for transporting the 
subject and should not be interrupted during the process. Boat-23 has been 
deployed on Dock-7 for use by the transfer team. 

Dr. Ignatius: What? B-but-

Guard 1: You heard the Site Director, now please step out of our way.

(Dr. Ignatius walks away while the guards continue to escort Subject-5817-B)

<End Log>

Closing Statement: After the incident, the two guards responsible for 
Subject-5817-B's transfer and Site-68's Director were interviewed. When 
questioned about their actions, the individuals stated that they "were men of 
Kingston and were simply doing what's right for their country". The Foundation 
managed to track the Boat-23, which was found docked in the city of Nassau. 

NOTICE
You are currently viewing an outdated version of this page. Click here to access 
the updated version. 

Item #: SCP-5817 

Level 3

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: EKHI

Risk Class: Warning

CONFIDENTIAL


Special Containment Procedures: All internet services in a country affected by 
SCP-5817 are to be shut down until SCP-5817's websites are inaccessible. 
Automated programs are to monitor SCP-5817's activity by collecting all 
information contained in its pages and storing it in Site-68 Site-130's 
computers. All remaining non-physical evidence of the existence of SCP-5817-1 is 
to be denied to the general public. 

The southeastern part of the city of Kingston, Jamaica is to be isolated from 
non-SCP-5817-2 civilian access and monitored in order to document the creation 
of SCP-5817-2 instances, which is currently inevitable. Negotiations with 
SCP-5817-1 are in progress. 

Description: SCP-5817 is a monthly phenomenon that affects all internet services 
in a country for roughly one minute. Any attempt of accessing any website during 
SCP-5817 will redirect users to a counterpart that advertises a nonexistant 
country named Republic of Kingston, designated SCP-5817-1. According to these 
altered pages, SCP-5817-1: 

Includes the the entirety of Central America's territory and Mexico.

Has large cultural and ethnic varieties.

Is a democratic republic with a president named Horace Rosencratz, a 71 year old 
male, formerly referred to as Subject-5817-B, now designated as SCP-5817-2-A. 

Has no documented cases of civilian violence in its territories.

Discovery: SCP-5817 was first documented in March 15th of 2013, having taken 
place in Jamaica. The manifestation caused a collective hysteria due to being 
interpreted as a declaration of the independence of Kingston, the local capital 
city, made by a revolutionary group. While Jamaican authorities managed to 
pacify the population by stating the SCP-5817 event was "an inoffensive prank 
made by hackers", none of the affected sites showed any trace of hacking in 
their change logs. 

While the Foundation would later intervene in police investigations, SCP-5817 
wouldn't be officially classified until April 15th of the same year, when it 
took place in Panama. Dr. Ignatius has been assigned to study SCP-5817 since 
then. 

In March 15th of 2016, a secondary behavior of SCP-5817, which consists in 
generating SCP-5817-2 instances (defined as individuals immune to amnestic 
treatment, buildings, units of virtual currency, text messages and vehicles 
belonging to SCP-5817-1) and ocasionally replacing non-SCP-5817-2 objects or 
individuals in Central America (mainly in the southeastern region of Kingston, 
Jamaica), has been confirmed. Since that day, Site-68 became a risk zone and 
research about SCP-5817 was assigned to Site-130 instead, where Dr. Ignatius 
would continue research involving the anomaly. 

Currently, the creation of the following physical SCP-5817-2 instances has been 
documented: 

6 civilian individuals

A building, used as administrative center

Horace Rosencratz, formerly referred to as Subject-5817-C, now designated 
SCP-5817-2-A 

8 Rosencratz Class Patrol Boats, supposedly produced in SCP-5817-1 territory


Incident Report SCP-5817-D:

In September 15th of 2016, SCP-5817 took place in El Salvador. While no 
SCP-5817-2 instances were generated, the last 30 seconds of a live stream 
showing a meeting between the United States President Barack Obama and 
SCP-5817-2-A were shown in many different SCP-5817 news sites. An automated 
program created by the Foundation managed to download the full stream, which had 
a length of roughly 28 minutes. In the video, SCP-5817-2-A and President Obama 
discussed subjects such as economy and national security and then shook hands. 
While, according to data retrieved during SCP-5817, the meeting was held at the 
Palace of Kingston, SCP-5817-1's administrative center, Foundation personnel in 
charge of monitoring activity at SCP-5817-1 stated that the United States 
President himself never entered the building and that SCP-5817-2-A wasn't on 
real SCP-5817-1 territory during the time of the supposed meeting. 
Later that day, Barack Obama and other world leaders mentioned the meeting on 
social networks, praising SCP-5817-2-A and SCP-5817-1. The Foundation managed to 
delete posts about the subject and to amnesticize both the leaders and the 
individuals who have seen the posts. 


Interview Log SCP-5817-E:

Interviewed: SCP-5817-2-A

Interviewer: Dr. Ignatius

Foreword: In October 4th of 2016, SCP-5817-2-A attempted to enter Site-130, 
demanding to speak with Dr. Ignatius. While the demand was denied at first, Dr. 
Ignatius asked the site's security allow his entrance some minutes later under 
the justification of needing interviews to further understand SCP-5817. 

<Begin Log>

Dr. Ignatius: Well, now that you're back here, I'd like to ask some questions, 
alright? 

SCP-5817-2-A remains silent

Dr. Ignatius: Hm? I assumed you'd have something to say since you are the one 
that came here in the first place. 

SCP-5817-2-A: Well I do have something to say.

Dr. Ignatius: And what would that "something" be then?

SCP-5817-2-A: I'd like to ask: (pauses) why do you continue to make everyone 
believe that Kingston doesn't exist? 

Dr. Ignatius: Because the Kingston you're talking about really doesn't.

SCP-5817-2-A: It exists! Haven't you seen the news? Barack Obama himself has 
praised it. 

Dr. Ignatius: There is no proof of that.

SCP-5817-2-A: That's because you're hiding it! You probably have a video of the 
meeting stored somewhere! 

Dr. Ignatius: Sir, that footage is f-

SCP-5817-2-A: (slams the table) I don't care about what you think of the 
footage! It is a real and undeniable proof of Kingston's existence! 

Dr. Ignatius: Hey, please calm do-

SCP-5817-2-A: How can calm down when there's a whole Foundation trying to deny 
the existence of my own place?! 

Dr. Ignatius: (sighs) Well, if you don't believe us, then we'll let you discover 
by yourself. 

Dr. Ignatius looks at Assistant Henry, who is standing on the corner of the 
interview room, and asks him to bring a cell phone and a netbook. After a 
minute, Henry returns with both items. 

Dr. Ignatius: Thanks Henry, (looks at SCP-5817-2-A) now I want you to show me 
evidence of Kingston's existence using these. 

SCP-5817-2-A: Oh, I'll show you. Just wait and see.

SCP-5817-2-A picks up the cellphone and attempts to make calls to governments of 
different Central American countries, referring to them as "Kingstonian 
Districts". The subject however fails to contact the leaders of said districts. 
After some time, he puts the phone on the table and looks at Dr. Ignatius. 

SCP-5817-2-A: You somehow made them forget about Kingston, didn't you?

Dr. Ignatius: No, for the most part.

SCP-5817-2-A: (growls) There has to be something on the internet.

SCP-5817-2-A browses the internet, searching for various topics related to 
SCP-5817-1. After some time, the subject frowns and stands up abruptly. 

SCP-5817-2-A: No no no! You quacks are making this up!

Dr. Ignatius: Sir, I ask you once again to c-

SCP-5817-2-A: I already said I won't calm down until you prove me tha-

Dr. Ignatius: Fine, fine, fine! (sighs) Then what were you doing 10 minutes 
before and after the meeting with President Obama? 

SCP-5817-2-A: Well, that's easy! I was uhhh (pauses) at the Ciudad de Mexico 
district? W-wait how ev- how would I even get to the Palace of Kingston in ten 
minutes? How- no no no I swear the meeting happened, but how would I… Well, it 
doesn't matter, during the 10 minutes after the interview I left the Palace of 
Kingston and- (pauses) I was at Ciudad de Mexico again? No no no, how?! Could it 
be that (pauses) the meeting didn't happen? B-but.. 

SCP-5817-2-A sits down.

Dr. Ignatius: (whispers) Hmmm, could it be that SCP-5817 is also capable of 
manipulating memories? 

SCP-5817-2-A: I-I swear there was a meeting, but at the same time, it was 
impossible for me to get to it in time. How is this possible? 

Dr. Ignatius: I believe that this memory got "planted" on your head. Part of our 
personnel was looking at the surroundings of the supposed "Palace of Kingston" 
and they didn't see Barack Obama stepping there either. 

SCP-5817-2-A remains silent for some time, but then puts his left elbow on the 
table and covers most of his face with his left hand. 

SCP-5817-2-A: Alright, (sighs) you won. You showed me that all I believed in was 
wrong. What do you want from me now? 

Dr. Ignatius: We'd like to ask more questions about what you know about 
Kingston. 

SCP-5817-2-A: Don't you mean about "what I thought I knew"? You just told me 
that nothing I know really exists or happened. 

Dr. Ignatius: Well, the Kingston as a big country domining all of the Central 
American and Mexican territory that you're talking about isn't real. But that 
doesn't mean that Kingston itself is completely fake. Some objects, people and 
websites from it exist, but all were created by a monthly anomalous event. 

SCP-5817-2-A: An anomalous event, you say?

Dr. Ignatius: Hm? Do you know anything about it?

SCP-5817-2-A: Honestly no. I always assumed we existed for a long time and that 
you were just a bunch of conspiracy theorists, wanting people to believe we 
didn't exist. 

Dr. Ignatius: We're a serious organization and always do research to know about 
what we are dealing with. Anyway, do you think that the memories you had about 
meetings could have been planted on your head by the anomaly? 

SCP-5817-2-A: I-I really don't know,. All of the memories I have feel quite 
real, if a bit out of place at times. I remember things that I presenced myself, 
but at times these memories are interrupted by different ones showing stuff I 
don't usually see around. 

Dr. Ignatius: I see. But have you ever seen anything changing appearance to 
resemble your memories? 

SCP-5817-2-A: Yes, I've seen people and places changing into different ones. 
Like those guards at the other site, just after I got reminded of a time where 
this Foundation contacted me about hiring some of our men, probably by that 
anomaly you mentioned, I saw their body shapes change for around a minute. 

Dr. Ignatius: Interesting (pauses). Well, I'm afraid this interview won't take 
us any further. (stands up) I thank you for collaborating with us. 

SCP-5817-2-A remains silent.

Dr. Ignatius: Hm? Are you alright?

SCP-5817-2-A: Does it look like I'm alright? You just told me that I and 
everything I know was made up by some weird anomaly. 

Dr. Ignatius moves his chair close to SCP-5817-2-A and sits down.

Dr. Ignatius: Look, you may be just one of its many creations, but that doesn't 
mean that you can't make a perfect country. 

SCP-5817-2-A: Get real, nobody will accept a farce like me.

Dr. Ignatius: Farce or not, you're still a person and can make a difference. 
Gain people's trust and they will choose you to lead them. That anomaly created 
you to be a perfect leader after all. 

SCP-5817-2-A: You're right, that thing is on my side. I can use it to make the 
Kingston I know real. 

Dr. Ignatius: Sir, that's not what I mea-

SCP-5817-2-A: (abruptly stands up) I'll be able to bring a golden age to it. No 
Foundation will be able to hide us anymore! 

Dr. Ignatius: Sir, please-

SCP-5817-2-A: And I shall rule over it unquestioned! Command the perfect county 
and extend it to the whole world. 

Dr. Ignatius: Enough, security personnel, take him to a cell.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: SCP-5817-2-A was taken to a humanoid containment cell by two 
members of the security personnel who were following the interview. 



YOU HAVE 1 NEW MESSAGE (October 15th of 2016)



From: Site-130 directory

Greetings, Site-130 personnel. You may have noticed that the site went through 
some major layout changes in a short timespan. We ask you to stay calm as all 
anomalies are still contained. However, Site-130 went through structural 
improvements and most of building itself was repurposed in order to serve 
different purposes. With this, the site directory is now temporarily under the 
administration of Andrew Colt and will be disbanded once all anomalies contained 
in Site-130 are transferred to another facility. 

Meanwhile, most of the research around SCPs will still be allowed to continue 
normally. The only exception is SCP-5817, which is currently being reclassified 
as "Explained". 

We apologize for any inconvenience and wish you a good day.

Message sent in October 15th of 2016 - Location: Republic of Kingston


