                                    SCP-4027                                    
                                    ========                                    

                        Anomalous Dissociative Identity                         
                        -------------------------------                         

Item #: SCP-4027 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Periodic interruptions in SCP-4027's containment 
are an expected component of the anomaly's nature. Once confirmed, SCP-4027 is 
to be contained in a modified humanoid containment chamber at the nearest 
Foundation site. 

When SCP-4027 is uncontained, reports of partial corpses are to be investigated 
and cases with avian activity prioritized. Foundation zoologists are to be 
consulted to determine the most likely site of future activity. 

Description: SCP-4027 is a dissociative personality that presents across 
individuals (termed "instances") as an elderly, English-speaking male. SCP-4027 
can be identified by a sudden change in vocal and behavioral idiosyncrasies, 
self-admittance, and its canonical rapport with Foundation personnel.1 This 
personality may be elicited from instances by applying persuasive psychological 
techniques, sufficient psychological duress, or pharmacological agents known to 
produce fugue states.2 

Instances are not aware of SCP-4027's underlying presence and do not recall 
episodes of SCP-4027's emergence. They frequent graveyards and/or burial sites 
and have been sighted near locations where cadavers (termed "victims") are found 
half-consumed.3 At the time of writing, the remainders of all victims have never 
been recovered. 

Evidence left at sites suspected of SCP-4027 activity do not suggest human 
involvement, instead implying avian participation.4 The presence of said 
evidence is not indicated from visualization of the gravesites by the unaided 
eye; superficially, the graves of victims are undisturbed. Law enforcement is 
therefore ill-equipped to indict an offender, and the Foundation was consulted 
by Agents Drumel and Cyllus of the UIU for additional support in apprehending a 
suspect. 

Foundation zoologists recognized that the pattern of suspected SCP-4027 activity 
coincided with known migratory routes of indigenous vulture populations. This 
observation remains a reliable tool for SCP-4027 identification, recapture, and 
re-containment. 


Supplemental Documentation 

[     Enter Credentials    ] 

[  Credentials Accepted  ] 


Interview Transcript

Interviewed: SCP-4027-1 ("James Cochran")

Interviewer(s): Agents Smith and Lombardi

Foreword: The following is the interrogation of the first proactively
identified SCP-4027 instance (shortly after its capture in
Haddonfield, New Jersey), as well as the first time that direct
communication with SCP-4027 was achieved. Surveillance footage is
included to assist in the future identification of SCP-4027. The
agents are separated from SCP-4027-1 by a glass pane and speak through
a PA system. Two guards stand in proximity to SCP-4027-1 after
restraining it to a chair.

[BEGIN LOG]

SCP-4027-1: What am I doing here?

Agent Lombardi: Please state your name and birthdate for the record
before we begin, please.

SCP-4027-1: James Cochran. June 2nd, 1989.

Agent Smith: James, tell us what you were doing prior to being here.

SCP-4027-1: I was at my house and you guys showed up. I was about to
watch the game. And, um... next thing I know I'm here.

Agent Smith: Well unfortunately, we got some eyewitnesses that place
you at a grave, the body of which has been found desecrated.

SCP-4027-1: I don't know anything about that, that's... really weird.

Agent Lombardi: Do you know how a body may have been taken from the
ground...

SCP-4027-1: Nope.

Agent Lombardi: ... with no signs of digging?

SCP-4027-1: (Scoffs) No.

Agent Smith: Well it doesn’t make sense to us either, but we think we
are onto a theory that involves your cooperation.

SCP-4027-1: I... don't know what to tell you- I don't know what you
want me to say.

Agent Lombardi: Do you have any form of government-issued
identification on you by chance? Is there anyone who can vouch for
you? Family?

SCP-4027-1: Um, I... I have a social security card, it's at my house.
I've got family, um, I have a sister who I haven't seen her in several
years, she was deployed.

Agent Smith: Your sister... (flips paper) Janine?

SCP-4027-1: I mean who are you people, man? What authority do you have
to just come into my fucking house and take me to this fucking place?

Agent Lombardi: That's fair James. We're doing this because we believe
something is influencing your memories and actions, against your
will...

SCP-4027-1: I'm sorry, what?

Agent Lombardi: ... and we hope to use an injection to find out a
little more information.

SCP-4027-1: You're going to what?

Agent Smith: James, we believe we can help you, and you can help us.
Is that fair?

SCP-4027-1: Look, I've done nothing wrong, I don't know what is going
on here, and you better fucking untie me from this damn chair.

Agent Lombardi: I'm so sorry James, we just can't do that right now.

Agent Smith: Can we ask you to please relax your arm? We are only
hoping for your cooperation. We apologize, James.

(SCP-4027-1 protests at the sight of a syringe in the hands of one of
the guards. His restraints allow the guards to successfully administer
the serum into the right antecubital vein. The serum takes effect
quickly, and SCP-4027-1 can be seen becoming somnolent.

Analysis suggests that at this moment, the serum relaxed the
psychological fronts constructed by SCP-4027 in SCP-4027-1, and that
communication with SCP-4027 itself was hereafter achieved. The
designation henceforth reflects this conclusion.)

SCP-4027: Ah. (Looks around) The Foundation. Now you see me. But I
have seen you for quite some time. I've known about you and your...
what do you call it... containment (chuckles) yes, for quite some time
now. And, um, agent? Do you know about me? What is it that you think
you know?

Agent Smith: We know something about what you are and what you do, but
not much about how or why you do it.

SCP-4027: Well that's very cute. Oh... if you must know, and I would
like you to because well, it's necessary, would be that uh, I need
dead bodies to survive.

Agent Smith: And what do you do with them?

SCP-4027: Oh well they're my sustenance, agent. I use them to give me
renewed life.

Agent Lombardi: How is it that you are so familiar with us?

SCP-4027: Because I've been around for quite some time, agent. Quite
some time. So many years, and you have only now discovered me. So I
think it is quite reasonable—don't you?—to why, let me go. Um, I am
not harming anyone if you think about it.

Agent Smith: Even if that were true, we strongly feel that we have an
obligation to prevent you from roaming freely.

Agent Lombardi: For the good of the community and for yourself, we're
going to have to specialize some containment procedures and keep you
here.

SCP-4027: Is that so? Because agent, if I do get out of here—and I
assume you think I might —I'm going to come for your family. (To Agent
Smith) And yours. Your family. There are a few who are not cremated,
is that so? I think so. Actually… Agent Smith is it? Yes. I know your
family. I see your family. Right now. Three generations, buried. Ah,
what is it, um, First Methodist on Park? Yes. I see them. Oh they look
tasty. I may not be able to sustain... may not be able to resist on
the other hand, agent. I am going to give you one last chance to let
me go, or I can guarantee you will regret this. I'll let you think it
over, agent.

(SCP-4027 closes the eyes of SCP-4027-1 and seems to relax. Upon
opening them again, SCP-4027-1's mannerisms and rapport returns.
SCP-4027 is not able to be evoked again in the session.)

[END LOG]

Closing Statements: 12 days after initial containment, known
techniques were no longer able to elicit SCP-4027 from SCP-4027-1.
This coincided with the indigenous vulture population's migration from
the area.

Within that time, it was confirmed that Agent Smith had several family
members buried at First Methodist Church on Park Avenue in
Haddonfield, New Jersey, and MTF-Mu-15 ("Ecto Cooler") was deployed to
investigate and safeguard the graveyard. It is unknown how SCP-4027
knew of the agent's surname and family history.

Once there, the MTF reported the sporadic encroachment of large
numbers of vultures that perched on nearby structures and watched the
team with minimal to no movement. No apparent disturbances had
occurred to the grave plots; this was corroborated by the church
staff, including the pastor who lives on the property with his family.
Ground-penetrating sonography was utilized to non-invasively survey
the contents of the plots, and revealed no unexpected findings.

Responding to sounds described as "hissing and scratching" emitting
from the graveyard with no apparent source (day 11, 0414AM), the team
again scanned the graveyard's plots, beginning with Agent Smith's
three family members. The images suggested an increased concentration
of erratically-shifting, solid mass within. Upon immediate
disinterment, the coffins were found empty with markings consistent
with those of talons and beaks upon all surfaces.



Footnotes 

1. SCP-4027 recalls its interactions with the Foundation continuously across 
evocations and instances. 

2. Trials have shown that SCP-4027 is more expository when such compounds are 
administered in appropriate doses. If the recommended dose is exceeded, the 
personality limits itself to staring and producing vocalizations described as 
guttural hissing and whistling. 

3. Forensics suggests that remnant soft tissues including the skin, organs, and 
eyes are prioritized in this process. 

4. Indications include feathers, tracks, excrement, and various markings upon 
and within victims' exhumed coffins. Analysis suggests no anomalous properties. 


