                                    SCP-3340                                    
                                    ========                                    

                          You Think, Therefore We Are                           
                          ---------------------------                           

This page is undergoing deletion.

Current Progress: 0%

Please Refresh


Item #: SCP-3340

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: An automated function has been attached to this 
webpage so that this document will be deleted if its character count exceeds the 
threshold of sapience, assumed to be 2,500 characters. If SCP-3340 designated 
beings induce behaviour deemed undesirable by Foundation staff all individuals 
known to be infected with the SCP-3340 strain are to be amnesticised until their 
memories of the SCP-3340 instance are totally and irreversibly erased. If an 
instance of SCP-3340 is deemed to be non-cooperative, aggressive or otherwise a 
threat to humanity, their documentation is to be destroyed. 

Description: SCP-3340 is the collective term for incorporeal, parasitic entities 
which are generated when a being is able to conceptualise their existence. 
Natural generation of these entities can be caused through various means such as 
imagination, but the majority of SCP-3340 instances documented have been spawned 
from tangible media – descriptive texts, audio and verbal communication. 

SCP-3340 instances, once formed, cause the host to change their behaviour. 
Sympathy for SCP-3340 instances, along with personality changes is a 
distinguishing characteristic of SCP-3340 infection. Some instances are also 
capable of inducing sensation in the host such as causing various levels of 
hallucination, with one documented case of an SCP-3340 instance causing the host 
to feel pain. SCP-3340 instances have also been documented elevating dopamine, 
serotonin and oxytocin levels in those infected when aiding in SCP-3340 
replication. 

Communication with SCP-3340 instances can be established when its initial 
documentation is modified; post Incident-01, communication with SCP-3340 
instances is to be established using iron filings over the documentation for 
ease of removal without damaging the media. Intelligence of SCP-3340 instances 
seems to be directly correlated with the character count of the media that 
spawned them. SCP-3340 behaviour has been correlated to the tone of the media 
that spawned them. 

Classical conditioning techniques have been implemented to prevent negative 
behaviours should they arise; failing the classical conditioning, destruction of 
the instance’s parent information will prevent further memetic spreading of 
the instance. 


Addendum A: Incident-01

Following an unrelated study on the physical degradation of an SCP-3340 spawning 
document, it was discovered that dust collected around certain words and symbols 
more than others. Analysis of the pattern created shows that the groupings were 
not random and instead formed coherent English sentences from the highlighted 
words. 

