                                    SCP-5118                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                     Fetch                                      
                                     -----                                      

Item #: SCP-5118 

Object Class: Neutralized 

Special Containment Procedures (Archived): Due to its current height and size, 
SCP-5118 poses no threat to the Veil. Should the height of the object decrease 
below the stratosphere, an exclusion zone for aircrafts is to be created. 
Satellite photographs of SCP-5118 are to be removed from the internet and 
confiscated. Amnestics are to be provided where necessary. 

Description: SCP-5118 was a flaming orb of plasma, 6.4 centimeters in diameter, 
that was suspended within Earth’s upper stratosphere. 

SCP-5118 appeared to be falling at a rate of 17 m/s; videos showed this change 
in location and velocity whenever they were captured. However, SCP-5118’s 
location suspended within the stratosphere had not changed from where it was 
found upon its initial discovery. 


Addendum: On 12/16/2009, a large celestial body was discovered on course to 
contact Earth within 5-6 days. National space agencies also discovered the body, 
and reported the information. This was seen as a non-anomalous occurrence. 

Within 3 days of discovery, the celestial body was seen decreasing and 
increasing in speed and size at random intervals. The Foundation intervened and 
disseminated a disinformation campaign that claimed the object came into contact 
with a rogue asteroid and was destroyed. Due to the object’s increasing size 
and speed, it contacting Earth’s surface could have potentially caused a mass 
extinction event. 

A nuclear bombardment commenced on the object; it was unimpeded and continued 
toward the planet. Upon entering the upper atmosphere, it began decreasing in 
speed and size before coming to a complete stop in front of SCP-5118. 
Surveillance drones of SCP-5118 revealed the celestial body to resemble a Golden 
Retriever (Canis lupus familiaris) composed completely of a blue, plasma-like 
substance. The entity picked up SCP-5118 in its jaws and quickly exited 
Earth’s atmosphere. 

