                                    SCP-5099                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 The Holy Lance                                 
                                 --------------                                 

As of 26/3/2010, SCP-5099's document has been updated. This archived version of 
SCP-5099 was compiled by the Foundation prior to Incident 5099. Additionally, 
SCP-5099 should be considered as a case study and template of what can occur 
when a combination of lax Specific Containment Procedures and ineptitude are 
present within the Foundation. Please see the link at the bottom of this 
document for the current page regarding SCP-5099. 


Item #: SCP-5099 

Level 3

Containment Class: Safe 

Disruption Class: DARK

Risk Class: Notice

CONFIDENTIAL

Special Containment Procedures

SCP-5099 is contained at Site-24, known to the public as the Patomskiy Crater. 
An ongoing Foundation misinformation campaign is to suggest that the Patomskiy 
Crater’s origins are either, 1) the impact crater of an ultra-dense meteorite 
that had sunk into the earth upon impact or, 2) the result of an expanding 
pocket of natural gas. 

The 'Patom Crater Conference'1 held in 2010 suggested that the crater is of 
purely geological origin and discredited the idea of it being caused by an 
astrological impact. Furthermore, the conference suggested that the event that 
produced the Patomskiy Crater occurred between 200-300 years ago. 

Site-24's base diameter is about 160m and its height approximately 40m. It is 
conical in shape and the crown is ring-shaped. In the centre, where SCP-5099 is 
located, there is a smaller mound with a height of about 12m. The volume of the 
crater is estimated as 230,000–250,000m3 with a weight of about one million 
tons. 

At present, efforts to extract of SCP-5000 from its impact crater are underway.

Description

SCP-5099 is the designation given to a 112.5m double-helical object resembling a 
lance of unknown origin found buried inside of the Patomskiy Crater. Current 
estimations place the age of the object as 5 billion years old, whilst its 
arrival on Earth is dated to an approximated 3.5 billion years ago. 

The majority of the object remains buried underneath the surface of Site-24. 
Current excavation efforts have uncovered 63m of the object. 

The object is composed of a black metallic substance of non-terrestrial origin 
constructed into a double-helical shape that winds closer together as it 
narrows. At the end that is lodged into the Earth, the two strands are unwound 
to form two long tines measuring 10m in length each. The object is approximately 
10m wide and progressively narrows as it reaches the head of the object. 

During efforts to excavate SCP-5099, several fragments have broken off the 
surface of the object due to the difficulty of extraction. Each fragment had a 
surface area of roughly 27m2. These fragments carried inscriptions and were sent 
to the base of Site-24 for analysis. Each fragment except SCP-5099-4 and 
SCP-5099-5 was analysed by Dr. Hans Higgs, Head Researcher at the Foundation's 
Department of Xenohistory. His findings have been appended to the document under 
Addendum 5099.1 - Fragment Analysis. Due to Dr. Higgs's eccentric disposition, 
his analysis of the fragments was uploaded as scans of written documents. 

Unbeknownst to Dr. Higgs and the rest of the staff at Site-24, the instance they 
labelled as SCP-5099-D was, in reality, the sixth and final fragment of 
SCP-5099's inscriptions2. This is because Junior Assistant Field Researcher, Dr. 
Katelyn Morgenthau had independently analysed two fragments of SCP-5099 by 
herself, that she designated as SCP-5099-4 and SCP-5099-5. Dr. Morgenthau's 
findings have been appended to the bottom of this document, see Log 15/2/2010 
and Log 3/3/2010 for relevant information concerning the fragments. 


Addendum 5099.1 - Fragment Analysis

Fragment Analysis - 11/12/2009

Subject: SCP-5099-A

Description: SCP-5099-A was the first fragment recovered from Site-24. As a 
researcher of Xenohistory, the implications of this discovery are fascinating. 
The very first artefact of extraterrestrial origin in the entire world. 

Radiometric dating suggests that this very piece of the object originates from 
some 5 billion years ago. The inscription it bears is primitive and crude, most 
unlike the manufacturing prowess required to construct the object itself but I 
digress. 

SCP-5099-A is inscribed with a depiction of SCP-5099 impaled into a crudely 
drawn amorphous mass beneath it. I can only speculate that this mass depicts the 
very crater that we have found it within. Above the object, the artist has drawn 
several star patterns that Dr. Morgenthau cannot correlate with any known star 
constellation in the northern hemisphere. 

Further excavation efforts are underway to retrieve the next part of the mural 
but I suspect that it may break another rough fragment away. 


Fragment Analysis - 23/1/2010

Subject: SCP-5099-B

Description: As I predicted, the next fragment has broken away from the main 
body of the object of our obsession. 

SCP-5099-B seems to be the next piece of our increasingly complex puzzle. The 
first thing that leaps out at the observer is what appears to be a diagram of 
some sorts. It seemingly depicts three ancient organisms. A fish-like animal 
that resembles a specimen of the Osteichthyes Superclass, known in the common 
vernacular as the bony fish, a primitive member of the Reptilia class and a 
specimen closely resembling a humanoid. I suggest that these may be the ancient 
civilisation's attempts to depict their knowledge of evolution. 

Secondly, the humanoid figures are gathered around the object with their hands 
raised aloft. Perhaps this object was of significant religious significance to 
our ancient alien race. Unfortunately, I very much doubt there are any alive 
that remain to tell us of its significance. 


Fragment Analysis - 12/2/2010

Subject: SCP-5099-C

Description: SCP-5099-C is the designation I have given to the most recent 
specimen discovered by me and our research affiliates at Site-24. 

This item marks a radical departure from the previous two fragments recovered by 
our team me. Unlike the other two fragments which seemed to depict the object as 
some symbol of reverence and religious importance, this fragment shows crude 
depictions of weapons of war far beyond anything created by the Foundation or 
mankind. 

The humanoid figures are directing their attention towards the amorphous mass 
previously shown in SCP-5099-A but in this instance it seems that the object 
Lance is being utilised as a weapon by the humanoid figures. 

It is my personal interpretation that this is a metaphorical representation of 
the humanoid species' rejection of tribal religious doctrines. In addition, with 
my report, I leave a closing statement. Despite some paranoia and dissent from 
members of the Site, everything is fine here. Any reports you receive from staff 
should be treated as nothing more than a rejection of my style of research. 


Fragment Analysis - 24/3/2010

Subject: SCP-5099-F

Description: I hope this is received by whoever has been collating our research, 
documentation and evidence. Site-24's internet connection was isolated only two 
days ago, the suspect has been apprehended by Site Security trying to access 
SCP-5099. They have been sent for psychiatric evaluation at the PsychEval Suite 
of Site-24.3 

Regarding SCP-5099-D, the object depicts a crowned humanoid with an implement in 
hand inscribing iconography onto SCP-5099 before laying down prone beside our 
object. 

This, I believe, is the complete depiction of the history of our 
extraterrestrial race. I have not come to a sufficient conclusion as to how 
SCP-5099 was able to reach our planet but I am absolutely certain that the 
object and its contents are extraterrestrial in origin. Extraction continues 
unabated. 


Addendum 5099.2

Log 15/2/2010

My name is Dr. Katelyn Morgenthau, junior assistant field researcher at Site-24. 
I'd like to explain why I directly contravened a Level 3 order by Dr. Hans 
Higgs. 

I can't trust him.

He's been behaving strangely ever since he found the first fragment of the 
mural. I only got glances at it since my main job is to monitor the excavation 
team but I managed to get a quick glance at it during a meeting with him. It 
only got worse as he found more of them. 

At first, I thought his strange behaviour was just down to what everyone told me 
when we got here. "Oh, Kate, the doctor's a bit eccentric.", "Hey Katie, Higgs 
might scare you, he's a little odd." But that's not what is weird about him. 
It's everyone here. They're all behaving strangely, ever since we breached the 
dig site. They're paranoid, frightened and some of them are downright depressed. 
Agent Miles didn't say hello to me yesterday for the second day in a row. He 
always says hello. 

I went down yesterday to the dig site. It's bizarre. Tunnels of rock with the 
object lodged deep inside of it. But as I clambered over the debris, I spotted 
something in the pile of rubble. 

A fragment of the mural. Someone must have missed it when sweeping the tunnels 
of the rubble. It's not surprising really that someone would miss it. The object 
itself was built over 5 billion years ago, I'd be surprised if I didn't have 
bits falling off me if I was 5 billion… 

Anyways, onto the damned metal slab. It doesn't correlate with the information 
that the other research staff have told me. It shows, well, I'm not quite sure 
what the hell it is trying to show. It's this gigantic humanoid figure that 
towers over SCP-5099 and the various humanoid figures that have been described 
to me. The weirdest part is its face. Its face is two hands clasped over one 
another, with their fingers interlinked and woven together. 

The next scene shows several of the humanoid figures with the same hands 
imprinted over their faces but they've sunken to their knees and seem to be 
fighting the other humanoids. But this doesn't match anything they've told me. 
I'm wondering, maybe I don't have high enough clearance for them to tell me the 
truth about the object but that just raises more questions. 

Why are the Foundation keeping me in the dark?


Log 23/3/2010

This is Dr. Katelyn Morgenthau again, Junior Assistant Field Researcher at 
Site-24. I managed to bring down the on-site SCiPNET connection and re-route it 
through my personal computer. I think I only have two days at best before 
someone repairs it. 

I found another fragment down inside the dig site, it's where I live, away from 
the others. I could only take pictures of it, once again, I'm not strong enough 
to shift the entire thing myself. None of the other staff dare go down into the 
dig-site now. The noises keep them all away. 

Please, whoever hears me, there has been a serious containment breach at 
Site-24. Dr. Hans Higgs and the other staff are behaving really strangely. The 
fragment, oh the fragment tells me why. It spoke to me and told me of the truth. 

There's something down there, beneath the spear. It is a spear too, well a 
bident to be more accurate but even still, it's a weapon. It keeps it at bay, 
prevents it from moving. Please, someone, anyone. Before its too late. Send an 
MTF. 

They're knocking on my door, they want me out. The hands don't stop, they cover 
the walls in my dreams and close about my throat. 

please get me out of here i just want to go home i never asked for this, please 
send someone. 

[END OF TRANSMISSION]



Footnotes

1. The 'Patom Crater Conference' is a product of the Foundation misinformation 
campaign intended to dissuade curious non-Foundation researchers. 

2. To clarify this mistake, SCP-5099-D has had its designation changed, 
highlighted in the document in blue. 

3. There is no mention of Site-24 having a "PsychEval Suite" on any Foundation 
records. 



Navigate to updated document



Item #: SCP-5099 

Level 4

Containment Class: Esoteric 

Secondary Class: Thaumiel 

Disruption Class: VLAM

Risk Class: Critical

SECRET

Special Containment Procedures

SCP-5099-1 is currently contained at Site-24 by SCP-5099. Any changes in the 
condition of SCP-5099 are to be immediately reported to Site Director, Dr. 
Katelyn Morgenthau. 

Research staff assigned to Site-24 are to have a minimum CRV1 of 100 so as to 
mitigate the anomalous effects of SCP-5099-1. 

Research staff at Site-24 are to be regularly tested for cognitohazardous 
imagery which is caused as a byproduct of SCP-5099-1's anomalous effects. 
Cognitohazardous imagery related to SCP-5099-1's anomalous effects include the 
following: Seeing hand-prints (of various sizes) on surfaces, nightmares 
involving apocalyptic imagery, mass paranoia and suicidal thoughts. 

The primary objective of Site-24 is to ascertain a valid way of neutralising 
SCP-5099-1. 

Description

SCP-5099 is the designation given to a 112.5m double-helical object resembling a 
lance of unknown origin found buried inside of the Patomskiy Crater. Current 
estimations place the age of the object as 5 billion years old, whilst its 
arrival on Earth is dated to approximated 3.5 billion years ago. 
The majority of the object remains buried underneath the surface of Site-24. 
Current excavation efforts have uncovered 63m of the object. Excavation has been 
halted and an exclusion zone has been constructed surrounding SCP-5099-1. 

The object is composed of a black metallic substance of terrestrial origin 
constructed into a double-helical shape that winds closer together as it 
narrows. At the end that is lodged into SCP-5099-1, the two strands are unwound 
to form two long tines measuring 10m in length each. The object is approximately 
10m wide and progressively narrows as it reaches the head of the object. 

Several fragments were uncovered by staff at Site-24 prior to Incident 5099 
which had broken away from the main body of SCP-5099. It is now understood that 
this is due to the natural degradation of SCP-5099, which by 20██ will have 
fully collapsed and will no longer be a viable method of containing SCP-5099-1. 

SCP-5099-1 is the designation given to an immense reality bending entity of 
unknown size with a Hume rating far in excess of 300. It is currently located 
directly underneath Site-24 with SCP-5099-1 impaled directly into the entity. 

The capabilities of SCP-5099-1 are not understood but indications from Incident 
5099 as well as historical evidence inscribed into SCP-5099 suggest that it is 
capable of wide-ranging manipulation of local space typically taking the form of 
gigantic hand prints removing localised space. It is also capable of projecting 
anomalous cognitohazards into the brains of susceptible human subjects. 

These cognitohazards are capable of subjugating the subject into working towards 
excavating SCP-5099 and removing the object from the entity. In addition, the 
entity, although initially thought to be deceased remains alive on another 
dimensional level above our own. 


Incident 5099

Incident 5099 occurred on 25/3/2010 and resulted in a complete breakdown of 
Site-24's chain of command and a major containment breach that could have, 
unknown to the Foundation at the time, constituted a HK-class Deific Subjugation 
scenario. 

Opening Statement: Site-24 was declared lost on 25/3/2010 at 0800 hours, and was 
further upgraded as having a Containment Breach at 0900 hours and as such, MTF 
Sigma-29 ("Lance of Longinus") was assembled and mobilised, consisting of 
personnel who displayed CRV in excess of 150. In addition, they had previously 
operated in various anomalous hot zones and most had served under MTF Nu-7 
("Hammer Down") at some point. 

They had two objectives: Primary Objective: Contain Site-24 and SCP-5099. 
Secondary Objective: Extract PoI Dr. Katelyn Morgenthau, if she remains alive. 

Personnel: MTF Sigma-29 ("Lance of Longinus"), consisting of:

Captain Seamus MacKenzie; Formerly Platoon Commander of Nu-7 before his 
promotion to Captain of the newly formed MTF, highly experienced at navigating 
breached Sites. 

Lieutenant Luke Briggs; Formerly MI666 before joining the Foundation, was 
recruited to the Foundation in the aftermath of Operation Sleipnir2 . 
Sergeant Kyle Winslow; Formerly Sgt. in Nu-7, was requested by MacKenzie to join 
Sigma-29. 

Private Henry Sinclair; Formerly Pvt. in Nu-7, earned particular distinction 
during Nu-7's containment of Site-██. 


- Log 5099.1

[Beginning Log 5099.1]

All members' cameras display their descent towards the entrance of Site-24 from 
grapnel lines. They touch down to the floor and flick their NV goggles down 
whilst their headlights blink on. Sinclair takes point at the reinforced blast 
door of Site-24, affixing an exothermic breaching device onto the bulkhead 
before retreating back to his team. 

MacKenzie: Lads, mark up. Once those doors are open, we're on our own. I've got 
about as much a clue as to what's behind that as you do, alright? So any 
slackin' and you're going on the report. 

Winslow: Casualty report or the write-up report, Sir?

MacKenzie: You bloody know whi-

MacKenzie is interrupted by the exothermic charge detonating, knocking the doors 
roughly 5m inwards. A loud crunch can be heard as they collide with something 
inside of Site-24. 

Briggs: Shite Sinclair, you were only supposed to blow the bloody door off.

MacKenzie: Enough out of you too Briggs. Form up.

MTF Sigma-29 move into the facility, headlight beams scanning from roof to floor 
with nothing in sight except the now broken blast door which lays crumpled 
against the wall. 

Sinclair: Clear Sir, no hostiles, and no staff neither.

All four squad members proceed through the facility, no resistance is 
encountered and they come upon a junction. The right passage is labelled as 
"Fragment Containment" whilst the left passage is labelled as "Staff Quarters". 

MacKenzie: Sinclair, you're with me. We'll head to Fragment Containment which 
seems to be a standard series of Containment Chambers from the map. Briggs, 
Winslow, you'll check Staff Quarters. Lethal force is authorised, but try not to 
make this a field day. 

Winslow: Captain, if I might. Can you give us any actionable intel whatsoever?

MacKenzie: It's above my pay grade Winslow, but I do know that those tests they 
performed at Central are what the boys and girls of Eta-10 go through. So any 
money says that we're dealing with a cognitohazard. 

Briggs: You read the brief, right Winslow? This place has turned into a loony 
bin and we're playing clean up down here. 

Winslow: Just shut up Briggs and move your sorry arse over here with me.

The two teams split apart and head their separate ways.


- Log 5099.2

[Beginning Log 5099.2]

MacKenzie and Sinclair are traversing through a series of water-logged 
Containment Chambers. Sinclair's camera pans upwards to reveal a burst water 
pipe that's been ruptured by a hand print shaped hole. 

Sinclair: Captain, check this out, there's a hand print shaped hole in this 
water pipe. Didn't the PoI report seeing handprints? 

MacKenzie glances upwards too and gestures for Sinclair to boost him up so he 
can reach the hole. He takes out a Hume counter and taps the side gently. 

Sinclair: Sir, there's no need to do that with those things.

MacKenzie: Lad, when the meter says 200 Humes, I think I have a right to smack 
the damn thing. The stuff around this hole is so real that it's becoming unreal. 

Sinclair shifts his weight as MacKenzie descends. As he turns his head, more 
hand prints of various sizes cluster the walls. A creaking on the wall behind 
them sends them spinning behind, both men raising their rifles at the sound. 

MacKenzie: Sinclair, you look rough, you need a moment son?

The wall behind them has several twitching bodies embedded deep within it. The 
bodies seem to have atrophied away with hand prints covering what remains of the 
skin. 

Sinclair: No s-sir, want me to check for the PoI?

MacKenzie: If any of those gits are her, there's not gonna be a need to.

The two continue onward, passing various hand prints imprinted into the walls, 
floor and ceilings. They pass a Containment Chamber with a large fragment of 
SCP-5099 contained within. 

Sinclair: Sir, it's not just me is it, you don't think it looks like…?

MacKenzie: Aye, it looks like someone left an ice-cream sandwich on the pavement 
for a whole day. Thing's melting to pieces. Command'll want a sample though so I 
have to indulge 'em that. 

MacKenzie produces a vial and deposits the liquid into the bottle before turning 
to inspect the fragment. It appears to be what remains of SCP-5099-F. 


- Log 5099.3

[Beginning Log 5099.3]

Feed cuts to Winslow and Briggs navigating the Staff Quarters. Winslow has point 
whilst Briggs is bringing up the rear. 

Briggs: Don't reckon we'll run into any live ones, do you Lieutenant?

Winslow: Every member of staff so far has either been deceased or entombed 
within the walls Briggs, so far, I'd say we're bloody lucky, wouldn't you? 

Briggs: Fair point, don't suppose you think the doc is still alive?

Winslow: If I was a betting man, I'd say no. Check the staff bog and we can move 
on, can't we? Report back to MacKenzie and then move onto the dig site and 
finish the PO. 

Briggs slowly rounds the corner of the Staff Toilet and raises his rifle to 
line. Hand prints line the floor leading up to the first stall. 

Briggs: You can wait til last..

Briggs kicks the last stall open. Nothing is inside.

Briggs moves to the next door and kicks it open. Inside is a series of hand 
prints encircling the rim of the toilet. 

Briggs: Grim..

Briggs moves back to the first stall. The camera pans down as he inspects the 
hand prints that disappear as they pass under the stall door. He kicks it open 
and finds nothing as well. 

Winslow: Shit yourself Briggs?

Briggs: Very funny Winslow.. you sodding git.


- Log 5099.4

[Beginning Log 5099.4]

The feed cuts once again. Briggs' camera pans upwards as they meet back with 
MacKenzie and Sinclair. 

MacKenzie: Well, did you two find her?

Winslow: Negative. Found the rest of the staff.

Briggs: What's left anyways.. what the hell happened here?

MacKenzie: Second verse same as the first, above my pay grade lads. That's for 
the researchers and the like to figure out. Not for us grunts. 

Sinclair: Captain, there's a chance she may be located deeper inside the 
facility. 

MacKenzie: The closer we get to the object, the stronger it's effects will be. 
So if you start feeling like you're part of a wall, try not to walk that 
direction. Hume meter is around 250 here. 

Briggs: So how are we still here? I mean, I ain't the smartest field agent but I 
know that big Hume equals bad. 

Winslow: My guess is that its partly thanks to our CRVs. Command did seem to 
handpick us due to those alone. 

The four men continue in silence for five minutes as they descend further into 
the facility. SCP-5099 can be seen spanning the entire passageway, sealed behind 
glass windows. 

Sinclair: Sir, it's displaying the same qualities as the fragment. It looks like 
its weeping, y'know like when a wound goes rotten and pussy. 

MacKenzie: Gigantic rotten alien lance's from 5 billion years ago, just bloody 
wonderful ain't it. 

The feed cuts again and they're now at the base of the digsite, the glass 
windows sealing away SCP-5099 are covered in hand print holes and some limbs can 
be seen twitching in the space between them. MacKenzie has point as they come 
across another fragment of SCP-5099. 

Winslow: This is the fragment analysed by Dr. Katelyn Morgenthau, or one of them 
at least. 

Briggs: What the hell is that thing? It's got hands for a- Shit.

The four men turn to face Briggs and MacKenzie's camera shows Dr. Katelyn 
Morgenthau, curled up against the wall surrounded by hand prints. 

MacKenzie: Don't anyone move. I swear to God, I mean it.

MacKenzie slowly edges forward, each foot forward shifting debris, SCP-5099 
material and human remains aside as he reaches toward her. MacKenzie grabs hold 
of her and pulls her away as a gigantic hand print appears where Morgenthau was 
rested. 

Winslow: SO achieved Captain, now how the hell do we fulfil the PO?

MacKenzie: SO became our PO, containment is impossible at this time. We're out.

The four men move back upwards, Briggs is carrying Morgenthau in his arms and so 
the camera shifts from side to side, obscuring the view. 

MacKenzie: Sinclair! Sinclair, what in God's name are you doing!

Sinclair: Sir, you're gonna want to see this, I promise.

MacKenzie: [REDACTED]

MacKenzie and Sinclair's camera angle shift focus to the base of the dig site 
where they found Morgenthau. The hand print hole had cracked open the rock to 
reveal a gigantic white humanoid approximately 100m tall with SCP-5099 impaled 
into its chest. Its face is two gigantic hands clasped together whilst liquid 
from SCP-5099 flows down onto its body. The entity's body is surrounded by 
multiple human bodies, twitching and writhing. Dr. Hans Higgs is suspended from 
the ceiling of the antechamber, his face twisted into a smile. 



Footnotes

1. Cognitohazardous Resistance Value.

2. Operation Sleipnir was a covert operation performed by MI666 in 1997.


