                                    SCP-5039                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               Where Did You Go?                                
                               -----------------                                

Your name is Michael Welsh, you're 28-years-old, and you've been
recently assigned to a newly formulated project with the intent of
finding the true nature of an anomaly that in your opinion, you find
quite mundane. You also find it strange that anything more than just
locking the SCP in a box and forgetting it would be a massive waste of
the Foundation's resources.

SCP-5039 they call it, and you're on your way to the para-media
archival center to retrieve information on it. This is because a new
experiment is underway and you're the only one with a memetic
resistance high enough to view it.

At this point, you've finished walking down the bleach-colored
corridor of Provisional Site-76, finally reaching your destination.
The large metal doors seem cold and uninviting, but you persist,
swiping your keycard and walking through the security doors.

Stepping through, you're unimpressed by the generic office-like
setting with the indistinguishable scent of mold, dust and rotting
wood assaulting your nose as soon as you take your first breath.

Despite this, your main point of attention is that you're completely
alone. Nothing but you and the persistent buzzing noise, its origin
completely unknown to you.

For some odd reason, you have a strange feeling of importance, but you
just attribute this to your loneliness in this massive database.
Making your way to the partially molded desk, you see a file waiting
on it. You hesitate for a moment for reasons unknown before taking a
seat and opening the file.


Item #: SCP-5039 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: All instances of devices displaying either 
portions of SCP-5039 or the object entirely, are to be confiscated from the 
owner and destroyed via conventional means. Should an individual view SCP-5039, 
they are to be quarantined for a minimum of 72 consecutive hours in order to 
determine if the individual has been contaminated by the memetic agents present 
in SCP-5039. 

In instances where subjects have shown symptoms of memetic contamination, they 
should be held within Provisional Site-76 throughout the process of 
decontamination. Should subjects display levels of contamination exceeding that 
of which an individual could recover from, they may-be terminated humanely per 
standards set in place by the Ethics Committee on July 25, 1975. 

Concerning the continued research of SCP-5039, a standard MP4 file of the 
anomaly is to be stored in a secure SCiPNET database only accessible to 
personnel possessing a security clearance at or exceeding Level-3/5039. 
Researchers working with SCP-5039 are forbidden from directly viewing the 
object, in exception to those possessing a memetic resistance at or exceeding 
5.5 and directly authorized to do so. 

Possible revision to these procedures in light of new information is currently 
being reviewed between the SCP-5039 research team and the Classifications 
Committee. 

Description: SCP-5039 designates an MP4 based video file, transmittable between 
all forms of media capable of displaying such an item. The video contains 
numerous memetic properties related to memory as well as other abstract 
concepts. This will commonly cause auditory hallucinations of music, though this 
varies between individuals viewing SCP-5039. These symptoms primarily manifest 
in individuals who have had a previous history of lucid dreaming. Current 
research into these relations is currently ongoing. 

Information obtained during subsequent viewings of SCP-5039 has concluded its 
contents to be a video-based diary created by an unidentifiable individual 
between the ages of 15-17 designated SCP-5039-1. This consists of events 
commonly attributed as typical to events in education-based facilities 
throughout the mid-western United States such as conflicts between groups, foil, 
and other related topics. Other topics include the individual's daily routine, 
outings with peers and other social gatherings typical of the mid 20th Century. 

Conclusive documentation of the length of SCP-5039 has thus far been impossible, 
primarily due to events in SCP-5039 changing or becoming completely absent from 
the film between viewings. The only known portion of the video proven to be 
consistent is the beginning and conclusion of SCP-5039 always starting in a 
recreational room of a building resembling that of a public school, while the 
ending always results in— 

"Wait, that can't be it?" 

You turn the file over hoping to see the document entirely but there's nothing. 
You don't even actually know what the object does or why you of all people were 
sent to this dingy site in the middle of Indiana just to read this seemingly 
meaningless article. 

Thinking to yourself, you assume that it may have just been a misprint, a 
slip-up, a mistake. Standing up, you produce your Foundation issued cell phone 
and attempt to call the head researcher of the SCP. 

"Hmm, no signal." 

You find yourself confused, as this has never happened before. Your phone was 
always in working order and you've never seen an incomplete document, especially 
one that had caught the interest of a few of the higher-ups. 

You're turning to leave as you have no other choice, but something catches your 
eye. A small VHS tape placed carelessly on a desk with an archaic computer 
terminal atop of it. 

You try to ignore it and continue your leave, but every thought you attempt to 
conjure keeps leading back to that seemingly old and worthless tape. 

Finally you give in, cautiously stepping towards the metal desk, an intangible 
fear gripping you for unknown reasons as you do so. 

Picking up the decrepit tape you read the label: "JUST ME, SENIOR MEMORIES OF 
SHIRLEY HIGH SCHOOL 1976" written in all capitals, seemingly in a hurry. 

You have a strange compulsion to watch the tape but no. What if this is 
SCP-5039, and this is a test or some form of discipline for your misacting? But 
wait, the article said that all of the copies were destroyed and the one that 
remains is a digital file. 

It's done, you're going to play the tape and hope for the best. You rush over to 
the storage closet retrieving a VHS player and an adapter to use on the terminal 
monitor. 

After fumbling around for a few minutes, you finally have everything in working 
order and slide the tape into the machine. 

The video opens with static but after a few seconds, the screen slowly begins to 
fade in and shows a cafeteria full of students and a couple of teachers 
maintaining order. 

"There, now it should work." is audible in a female voice coming from 
off-screen. 

The camera pans around showing a young female 15-17 years old with dark blond 
hair and green eyes. 

"Hello world, or well in better terms, hi viewer I'm [DATA CORRUPTED] and I'm 
currently a senior at Shirley High School in Colton, Indiana. Ms. Clarkson 
recommended that I make a video journal to document all of the memories of 
senior year for when I'm older and want to look back. Well, this is just a test 
for now and biology class is about to start so bye everyone." 

The camera then appears to be set on pause resuming some time later in an 
outdoor setting. 

"Hey Tammy, do you think the test on the Han Dynasty is gonna be hard or easy 
like the one on the correlations between music and human sacrifice?" 

"[DATA CORRUPTED] what? We never had a test like that, what are you talking 
about?" 

"Oh yea that's right." 

"[DATA CORRUPTED] is everything alright today you've been acting screwy?" 

"I'm fine, I'm just a bit stressed out that's all." 

"O-oh, ok." 

The two individuals continue walking silently down the path and several houses 
become visible in the distance. 

The two diverge with the one identified as Tammy turning right and entering the 
small house located in the previously stated position. While the one holding the 
camera enters the two-story house on the left. 

Fuck fuckfuckfuck! You know that's SCP-5039 but you can't move anything: your 
arms, legs and even your eyes are completely still and fixated on the screen. 
You pray that someone, something will come through the metal doors and save you 
from the memetic clamp that's sprung upon you. 

The camera goes quiet once again before cutting to what can only be assumed to 
be several days later. A bowl of cereal is visible and 3 other individuals can 
be seen. The one holding the camera begins to speak. 

"Dad, I had a nightmare last night and I was wondering if I could talk to you 
about it?" 

"Sure KW, what was it?" 

"I was walking through a place that looked like the food store downtown, but 
things were wrong. See, you were all there but without faces, and when I tried 
to go to you guys, I saw 9 girls I guess? Well, that's what they looked like. 
Before getting stabbed with music notes coming from some hole." 

"Hmm KW, just remember, all of that isn't real so you don't have to be afraid. 
Look, when you grow up you'll realize that you won't have to worry about such 
nonsense and finally realize that sleeping isn't real either." 

"What?" 

The adult male figure stares blankly before the camera cuts out with a loud 
hiss. 

The scene becomes visible, the camera-woman and three others at a social 
gathering akin to a party. Three including the one holding the camera are 
sitting on a somewhat dilapidated deck while the others are visible playing in a 
pool which constantly shifts from being clean to having a black sludge with 
snails arranged in a fashion to form whole notes. 

"[DATA CORRUPTED] don't worry I'm sure you can convince them to stay here with 
us so you don't grow-up go away." 

"Innocence, I'm not sure, they're really persistent about moving on. Like what's 
the point of 76? 

Trust joins in. 

"Well at age 75 everything died, even innocence and me. Maybe it's just the 
symphony trying to get back what was lost." 

[DATA CORRUPTED] chimes in one last time. 

"Well, when you put it that way, I guess it's just one big cycle into syncope. 
Thank you two for coming back one last time." 

The two speak. 

"Don't mention it." 

The individual holding the camera beings to spasm before presumably vanishing 
with the camera falling to the ground facing Innocence and Trust. 

At once. 

"I can't wait to see Michael again." 

[Video Ends] 

Back in the archival center of Provisional Site-76, Kellie Welsh, now able to 
stand does so, and he she slowly makes her way out of the site to resume her 
work with what she thought were her friends. 



SCAN COMPLETE 

As initially theorized, upon further review it has been discovered that the 
previously viewed document was the result of data corruption from an unknown 
source. A revised document has been made available here. 


Item #: SCP-5039

Level 5/5039

Object Class: Keter

Classified

Special Containment Procedures

As there is no known way of halting SCP-5039's anomalous properties, a
specialized research team unaware of their duties is to constantly
work to discover the target of SCP-5039 and a way in which they can be
properly isolated. Should SCP-5039 begin to actively manipulate matter
within the environment in which SCP-5039-1 is located, they are to be
isolated within a designated exclusion zone hereby designated
Provisional Site-76.

After an SCP-5039 event, a reasonable amount of D-Class personnel are
to be dispatched to Provisional Site-76 to collect the subsequently
manifested human. Any records of the previous SCP-5039-1 instance are
to be analyzed in compliance with standard protocols set in place for
documentation manipulated by an anomaly.

Currently, all video recordings of SCP-5039-2 are to be destroyed if
such an action is possible. Note that due to an SCP-5039 event this
may not be possible. Research into the reasoning behind why the
members making up the O5 Council are the only individuals capable of
remembering prior SCP-5039-1 instances, and whether their esoteric
nature may be related to this effect.

Description

SCP-5039 designates a sapient temporal phenomenon. Said anomaly has
shown the capacity to manipulate events and other similar concepts to
place a designated target (SCP-5039-1) into a position in which they
could view an instance of SCP-5039-2. How the anomaly is capable of
performing such acts is currently unknown and possible relations with
another anomaly is currently ongoing.

Once an SCP-5039-1/target is selected through unknown means, events
surrounding the subject such as employment and life choices will
always be manipulated by SCP-5039 to bring them into contact with an
instance of SCP-5039-2.

SCP-5039-2 refers to videos displaying a visual journal, consisting of
an unidentifiable individual going through a series of events. These
events are related to those occurring in the later years of schooling,
such as rivalry and social gatherings. These are often manipulated by
an unknown force possibly SCP-5039 itself causing abnormal and in some
cases anomalous events. Although the contents of the video tend to
vary, they always conclude with the unidentified individual speaking
with two humans self-identifying as Innocence and Trust. The
significance of these names is currently unknown. The conversation
always follows the three speaking about something being lost and
fearing what's ahead, though this may-be metaphorical.

Upon the completion of an instance of SCP-5039-1 viewing a copy of
SCP-5039-2, they will undergo massive and irreversible changes to both
their physiology and psychology often resulting in a completely new
individual. Most notable is the new individuals' memories being
completely different and unique to that of the previous SCP-5039-1.

Discovery

SCP-5039 first came to the attention to the Foundation after the
captain of MTF A-1 named [DATA CORRUPTED] spontaneously became
re-identified as a female human named Laura Birch. All records
modifying to matching that identity. the individual later died as they
had been given a diagnosis of cardiovascular disease several years
prior and expired due to cardiac arrest. How this occurred is
completely unknown as they would never have been selected to serve
under this specialized task force with such an illness.

Immediately following this discovery by the Council, questioning of
the other members of MTF A-1 concluded that no records or memories
existed of the previous individual aside from the memories possessed
by the members of the O5 Council.


Addendum-5039.1

As of this current update, a former store clerk named [DATA CORRUPTED]
is the most recent instance of an SCP-5039-1. After viewing SCP-5039-2
they were subsequently replaced by an individual self-designating as
Kellie Welsh. They are to be apprehended upon retrieval from
Provisional Site-76 as soon as possible.

~ O5-1 ("The Conductor")


Addendum-5039.2

Hello, is anyone there? Please, I feel so cold and I can't see
anything. Oh wait, how amazing, I can see everything now. The whole
world is just there laid out in front of me just waiting for my help.
Oh, there are so many humans and they're so sad. Wait, my friends, why
can't you remember me? Don't worry, they'll be here soon and their
siblings will get a chance to breathe. Why is there a dead tree here?
Well, that doesn't matter now. All that's here now is me and the
others. But what's my name? Did someone take it? Well, maybe I can
have a new one. I always used to go to some theme park oh what was it?
Ah, that's it, Cragglewood! Now all I need is some fun. I don't yet
know how but when I was thinking about the carousel I used to go on as
a child, it just appeared today and is now next to me now. I don't
know how it happened but it's here. I think I'm going crazy. I'm going
to try and send for help but I don't know how I'm going to do it. I
guess a video or maybe a letter. I just don't know.


Hello, is anyone there? Please, I feel so cold and I can't see
anything. Oh wait, how amazing, I can see everything now just
differently. The whole world is just there laid out in front of me
just waiting for my help. Oh, there are so many humans and they're so
sad. Wait, my friends. Why can't they remember me? Don't worry,
they'll be here soon and their siblings will get a chance to breathe.
Why is there a dead tree here? Well, that doesn't matter now. All
that's here now is me and the others. But what's my name? Did someone
take it? Well, maybe I can have a new one. I always used to go to some
theme park oh what was it? Ah, that's it, Cragglewood! Now all I need
is some fun. I don't yet know how but when I was thinking about the
carousel I used to go on as a child, it just appeared today and is
next to me now. I don't know how it happened but it's here and that's
all that matters. I think I'm going crazy. I'm going to try and send
for help but I don't know how I'm going to do it. I guess a video or
maybe a letter. I just don't know.


[TRANSMISSION TERMINATED]


