                                    SCP-4447                                    
                                    ========                                    

                         Sasha's Super Shuttle Service!                         
                         ------------------------------                         

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You have opted to view a range of revisions for this file. For more information 
on this revision or the ranged history feature, contact your RAISA liaison. 

Item #: SCP-4447 

Level 3

Containment Class: Pending 

CONFIDENTIAL

Special Containment Procedures: Investigation of the primary vector for 
SCP-4447's effect is ongoing. Identity-masked Foundation personnel with 
GPS-tracking and anomalous detection equipment are to requisition SCP-4447 
events for study of its properties. Undercover agents assigned into Marshall, 
Carter, and Dark Ltd. have been informed of SCP-4447, and are to continue to 
monitor the group. 

Description: SCP-4447 is a controllable anomalous phenomenon that enables 
instant teleportation between any two people on Earth. When the anomaly is 
activated, the individuals, including their clothing, attached equipment, and 
jewelry, immediately switch positions. 

The only known medium that offers exchange events is a website describing the 
service, designated SCP-4447-1. Pictures of both individuals must be uploaded, 
and following payment of 10,000 USD, a time 8-12 hours in the future will be 
displayed. Within ±3 minutes of the given time, both individuals will undergo 
the SCP-4447 event and swap locations. 

Discovery: Agents tracking GoI "Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd." reported rumors 
of a new instant-travel service. After some investigation, the URL 
"████████████████.onion"1 was discovered, and 
Foundation technical staff began analyzing the website. All client-side code was 
verified as non-anomalous, and Project Lead Brown gave approval for testing. 


Experiment Log:

Experiment 4447-1

Individuals: Agent Jennifer Walsh / D-058932

Locations: Site-19 / Unknown

Additional Equipment: Survival gear, water, one month of dry food, sidearm

Results: Agent Walsh manifested in Shelby, Tennessee and was recovered by a 
nearby Foundation facility without incident. D-05893 appeared where Agent Walsh 
had been, and was immediately detained by security personnel. 


Experiment 4447-2

Individuals: Agent Richard Westrin / Agent Jonathan Nguyen

Locations: Foundation aircraft over India / Foundation submarine near Oregon

Additional Equipment: None

Results: Both individuals switched locations instantly despite the great 
difference in location and altitude. 


Experiment 4447-3

Individuals: D-41562 / D-880723

Locations: Decommissioned phone booth, too small to hold D-88072 / Nearby 
holding room 

Additional Equipment: A 16 GB USB flash drive filled with random data.

Results: D-88072 manifested in the booth successfully, but was in great pain 
until they were recovered. The drive carried by D-41562 was verified as having 
the same binary content after the switch. 



Footnotes

1. .onion is the top-level domain for hidden services hosted on Tor, an 
anonymity network. 

2. D-05893 was previously assigned to SCP-████ and escaped a few weeks 
prior during a containment breach. 

3. D-88072 is morbidly obese.




Next revision ⟶



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You have opted to view a range of revisions for this file. For more information 
on this revision or the ranged history feature, contact your RAISA liaison. 

Changes from the previous revision have been highlighted.


Item #: SCP-4447 

Level 3

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: VLAM

Risk Class: Caution

CONFIDENTIAL

Special Containment Procedures: Research into SCP-4447's personal history, 
family and additional anomalous properties is underway to devise means of 
containment. Foundation facilities in East Asia have been alerted and are 
working through government channels to locate SCP-4447. Undercover agents 
assigned into Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. have been informed of SCP-4447, 
and are to continue to monitor the group and seek information on SCP-4447's 
whereabouts. 

If SCP-4447 is found and can be reasonably accessed, personnel are to approach 
them without their awareness and sedate/detain them. 

Description: SCP-4447 is Sarah Turner, a 27-year-old U.S. citizen of Chinese and 
British descent. They possess an anomalous trait that enables instant 
teleportation between any two people on Earth. When the anomaly is activated, 
the individuals, including their clothing, attached equipment, and jewelry, 
immediately switch positions. 

SCP-4447 was last seen in their Los Angeles apartment by Foundation agents 
before being replaced with a confused Chinese national. It is believed that 
SCP-4447 utilized its anomalous properties to escape. 

The only known medium that previously offered exchange events was a website 
describing the service, designated SCP-4447-1. Pictures of both individuals must 
be uploaded, and following payment of 10,000 USD, a time 8-12 hours in the 
future will be displayed. Within ±3 minutes of the given time, both individuals 
will undergo the SCP-4447 event and swap locations. 

Discovery: Agents tracking GoI "Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd." reported rumors 
of a new instant-travel service. After some investigation, the URL 
"████████████████.onion" was discovered, and 
Foundation technical staff began analyzing the website. It was found that the 
hidden service was configured to use an obsolete cryptographic suite, enabling 
some traffic to be intercepted and decrypted. A traffic-analysis attack was 
successfully executed utilizing compromised Tor nodes, and SCP-4447's apartment 
was located. SCP-4447's laptop was recovered, but had no useful information as 
it had been remotely wiped a few minutes after their escape. 

Experiment Log: No changes detected. Section collapsed.


Addendum 4447-1: Recovery of SCP-████ files

Site Director Chen approved a raid on a Marshall, Carter, and Dark warehouse 
located in [REDACTED] to recover files and information pertinent to the theft of 
SCP-████ from Site-19. Recovered memoranda made off-hand references to 
SCP-4447, which suggested that the transportation service was still active. 
Further inquiry into the matter is ongoing. 



Next revision ⟶



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You have opted to view a range of revisions for this file. For more information 
on this revision or the ranged history feature, contact your RAISA liaison. 

Changes from the previous revision have been highlighted.


Item #: SCP-4447 

Level 4

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: KENEQ

Risk Class: Caution

SECRET

Special Containment Procedures: The Department of Analytics is investigating 
SCP-4447's prior project assignments, transfers, associates, family, 
communications and banking records. Any personnel with known contact with 
SCP-4447 are to be interviewed. Foundation facilities in East Asia have been 
alerted and are working to relocate PoI-4447-1 and PoI-4447-2 to their countries 
of origin. Undercover agents assigned into Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. have 
been informed of SCP-4447, and are to continue to monitor the group and seek 
information on SCP-4447's whereabouts. 

Description: SCP-4447 is Sasha Brown, former project head for SCP-4447. They 
possess an anomalous trait that enables instant teleportation between any two 
people on Earth. When the anomaly is activated, the individuals, including their 
clothing, attached equipment, and jewelry, immediately switch positions. 

When SCP-4447 first noted their anomalous property, they contacted group of 
interest Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. to market it as a transport service and 
receive logistical support. The group's technical agents created a hidden 
service with intentional security vulnerabilities to mislead Foundation 
researchers. When said information was discovered, a raid on an unrelated 
civilian (PoI-4447-1) was ordered by SCP-4447. In their capacity as project 
lead, they were able to view the raid live, and swapped the location of the 
target with another civilian (PoI-4447-2) before PoI-4447-1 could be detained. 

Anomalous transport events are believed to have regularly occurred prior to the 
discovery of SCP-4447's deceptive project management. Estimates suggest SCP-4447 
has earned approximately 2,600,000 USD from their activities. 

Discovery: Agents tracking GoI "Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd." reported rumors 
of a new instant-travel service. After some investigation, the URL 
"████████████████.onion" was discovered, and 
Foundation technical staff began analyzing the website. A later raid on a 
Marshall, Carter, and Dark warehouse resulted in the recovery of memoranda and 
credentials which were utilized to obtain some internal documents on SCP-4447 
(see Addendum 4447-2). 

Experiment Log: No changes detected. Section collapsed.


Addendum 4447-1: Excerpt from interview with Jacob Taylor

Interviewed: Researcher Jacob Taylor

Interviewer: Analytics Researcher Alexander Yugov

<Begin Excerpt>

Yugov: Did Brown exhibit any unusual behavior leading up to this period?

Taylor: I mean, she was a bit more anxious than normal, but I assumed it was due 
to her upcoming talk at the [Foundation Technical] Conference. 

Yugov: How would you characterize her as an engineer?

Taylor: Very passionate. In college she was part of the Order of the Engineer, 
was always working on weird projects with her friends. I think she was 
originally contacted by the Foundation because she accidentally reinvented 
electronic hyperconveyance. 

Yugov: Any peculiarities about her? Anything that you could immediately identify 
as being "Sasha"? 

Taylor: Yeah for sure. Usually seemed to be in a rush, always wore the same 
basic outfit. Like, I can't tell if she reused clothes or just had a hundred 
identical lab coats. 

Yugov: I've heard your colleagues say she always had her own "style". Can you 
clarify? 

Taylor: Well, I guess yeah. She was a very ambitious person, always wanted to 
take on big projects. Though now that I think of it, she did complain a bit 
about the pay structure. Yeah, she felt like she wasn't recognized enough. 

Yugov: She's received several awards of distinction and has been published many 
times in Foundation journals. 

Taylor: Sure, but I guess… Sasha just always wanted more.

<End Excerpt>


Addendum 4447-2: Recovered communications

The following text messages between SCP-4447 and an unknown MC&D agent were 
found on various recovered cell phones. 

From: SCP-4447

To: MC&D Agent

I'm not sure that's going to work. The foundation will catch on, we need a 
distraction, bait we can throw them so they wont pursue further. Surely you guys 
have disposables, no? 


From: SCP-4447

To: MC&D Agent

Heads up, I hear they're moving agents around looking for the red herring's 
whereabouts 


From: MC&D Agent

To: SCP-4447

Confirmed, we've found a mole. Going to feed SCPF false information about red 
herring's background. 


From: MC&D Agent

To: SCP-4447

There were issues transferring to the Cyprus account, we're going to do some 
reshuffling. New bank account info will be sent within the week. 


From: SCP-4447

To: MC&D Agent

Fuck, the site director authorized a bunch of raids I wasnt aware of. I think 
they might know something 


From: MC&D Agent

To: SCP-4447

Recovery team is en route, switch with Person #087 immediately.



Final revision ⟶



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

This is the current version of this file. Click here to return to the beginning. 
For more information on this revision or the ranged history feature, contact 
your RAISA liaison. 


Item #: SCP-4447 

Level 1

Containment Class: Safe 

Disruption Class: VLAM

Risk Class: Caution

UNRESTRICTED

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4447 is to be kept in a lead-lined anomalous 
item vault at Storage Site-77. Testing must be approved by two Level-4 
personnel. All subjects must wear GPS-tracking anklets. 

Description: SCP-4447 is a stainless steel Engineer's Ring. When exposed to a 
weak psychic emanation, it can instantly exchange the positions of any two 
humans within 15 km of the Earth's surface. This also swaps clothing, 
accessories, and carried luggage, though has a mass limit based on the strength 
of the possessor's psychic will. The typical human can transport 120-180 kg if 
physical contact is maintained with SCP-4447. It is unknown how the ring gained 
its anomalous properties. 

Recovery: Following an investigation by the Department of Analytics, former 
researcher Sasha Brown's location was tracked to a Marshall, Carter and Dark 
facility. Foundation agents initiated a raid, causing Brown to escape using 
SCP-4447. Communication with Brown was established under the guise of emergency 
evacuation procedures by the GoI, and she was deceived into exchanging positions 
with a D-class subject held in a containment chamber. Upon arrival, Brown was 
immediately sedated and given a GPS-tracking anklet. A standard humanoid search 
revealed SCP-4447 as the origin of associated anomalous properties. 

Researcher Sasha Brown is currently undergoing disciplinary hearings for their 
concealment of an anomalous artifact and using said artifact for monetary gain. 


