                                    SCP-566                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                   Word a Day                                   
                                   ----------                                   

Item #: SCP-566 

Object Class: Anomalous Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-566 are to be stored in Low 
Valuable Item Storage on Site-10. Any new instances of SCP-566 are to be 
assessed by a designated researcher with level 4 clearance for this purpose. 

Uncontained instances of SCP-566 are to be treated as a Keter-level threat - to 
this extent, Foundation operatives are to regularly inspect the stock of 
bookstores and libraries for instances of SCP-566, as well as any other 
literature or stationery published by the "Living Language Linguists' League". 
Websites, file-sharing sites and forums are to be monitored for scanned or 
transcribed SCP-566 contents, and DMCA takedowns issued if any such is found. 

Any new reports of anomalies are to be cross-checked with known SCP-566 contents 
database in order to both ensure a standard response and to make sure any 
SCP-566 copies potentially present are found. The classification SCP-566-A is to 
be used for anomalies related to SCP-566 use (See Document 566-Alpha for list 
and associated containment procedures). 

Description: SCP-566 refers to a set of tear-off desk calendars, sold under the 
name "Word-A-Day 2009 Edition: Wacky Wordables and Idiosyncratic Idioms", with 
manufacturer listed as "Living Language Linguists' League".1 The front page, 
where present, includes a black-and-white logo, consisting of a stylized tongue 
in a top-hat, raising a champagne glass in one hand, and holding a book in the 
other. 

SCP-566 instances themselves exhibit no known anomalous properties, with sample 
analysis showing no deviation from listed or expected composition.2 

The only known anomalous property of SCP-566 occurs when an individual reading 
an entry taps a bolded word in the entry definition with his index finger. The 
contents of the page change, displaying the definition of the tapped word. The 
new entry retains this property. The means of returning the entry to its 
original state are currently not known. 

SCP-566 was declared Anomalous due to its contents. While ~80% of the entries 
consist of uncommon English words, the remainder can be categorized according to 
Table 1. 

Table 1: Anomalous contents of SCP-566 breakdown 

Entry type 

Proportion 

Example 

Definition listed 

Definition of mundane words or idioms coined post publication date 

~3% 

sofalizing (n) 

Using the Internet or other electronic devices to socialize with people from 
home, rather than meeting them face to face.3 

Definition of mundane words or idioms not previously known 

~10% 

to breznev (v) 

To cover with a thick metal plating, after L. I. Breznev , General Secretary of 
CPSU known for wearing an excessively large amount of medals 

Definition of words referring to anomalous subjects or events 

~4% 

Fiffle Stinks (n) 

a Fifthist worshipper, from their tendency to turn themselves into sentient 
smoke. He's full of it like a tent's full of Fiffle Stinks - said of a teller of 
fanciful stories, a liar. 

Definitions explicating anomalous acts or events 

2% 

gobsacking (n) 

A trick usually done by hungry college students which goes as follows - a number 
of them . usually 6-12 meet and [REDACTED] to form an extradimensional pocket 
inside the mouth of one of them, referred to as "the gobsack". The fellows will 
then pool their money for an "all you can eat" pizza parlor entrance fee. They 
wait outside, while the gobsack enters, and artfully pretends to eat as much 
pizza as he deems sufficient, stuffing it into the pocket without chewing. The 
rest of the group await him outside , where they will [REDACTED] and partake in 
the loot. 

Definitions of words or idioms referring to classified subjects or events 

<1% 

to brundle about (v) 

To show markedly less activity than doing nothing, after Brundle, a pet mass of 
cellular matter of Dr. ██████4 

It is of note that individual instances of SCP-566 differ in ~20% of their 
contents, with no clear pattern in the distribution of the differences. As of 
now, 56 instances of SCP-566 have been contained (see Addendum 566-1 for salient 
content samples). 

Recovery Log: First known instance of SCP-566 was recovered from the house of 
J████ F██████, after his unsuccessful attempt to follow 
SCP-566 definition of "to boscovise" (See Addendum 566-1), which resulted in him 
splitting into 16 ambulatory, sentient segments. 

SCP-566 was reclassified as Safe after [REDACTED] led to the recovery of 
additional instances of SCP-566, which differed in content from SCP-566-1, 
resulting in the need for a systematic containment procedure not consistent with 
the Anomalous item classification. 


Addendum 566-1: SCP-566 Contents Database 

SCP-566 Contents Database

To facilitate keeping an unified knowledge base of SCP-566 contents,
all entries considered anomalous (as per Table 1 in SCP-566) are to be
logged with the following format to facilitate computer processing:


SCP-566 Instance Number
Calendar Date:
Word or Idiom:
Definition:


Researcher Eisenberg


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 13/1/2009

Word or Idiom: hellenious (adj)

Definition: Portmanteau of "hellenic" and "odious". In a remarkably
bad economic situation, coined by Nikos ███████, after Greek economic
collapse caused by the 20██ olive plague.


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 15/1/2009

Word or Idiom: scabbard, Able's (n)

Definition: An arse. After Able, a [REDACTED] said to have been bound
by the ███████, who could materialize swords out of nowhere.


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 11/2/2009

Word or Idiom: to boscovise (v)

Definition: To split oneself into multiple bodies of shared mind, most
commonly done by [REDACTED] and forcing the ██████ into the newly
grown mouth, upon which the body splits seamlessly. Popularized by Don
Giovanni Bosco, an 19th century Italian catholic priest. In a broader
sense "boscovist" is used to describe a nosy, overbearing person, as
in the children's rhyme "Boscovist, boscovist, where you look, there
he is."


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 19/2/2009

Word or Idiom: smooch, oldmans' (n)

Definition: Gangrene. After [DATA EXPUNGED], whose secretions have a
corrosive effect on human tissues.


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 21/2/2009

Word or Idiom: earblind (adj)

Definition: Unable to navigate using sound.


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 26/2/2009

Word or Idiom: airline, promethean (n)

Definition: An explosion. Next thing John knew, he was riding the
promethean airline; he was thrown away by an explosion. promethean
airline ticket - explosive device. After Prometheus Labs, an
organization notorious for poor workplace safety.


SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 03/3/2009

Word or Idiom: keter sweater (n)

Definition: From keter, a designation for highly hazardous objects
requiring active containment measures, used by the SCP Foundation. 1.
Advanced means of personal protection, such as those issued to Mobile
Task Forces. Put on your keter sweaters, guys, we're going skip
hunting.. 2. naysayer, coward, excessively scared person. I heard Jim
hasn't eaten properly ever since he's been posted at [REDACTED] Yeah,
he's such a keter sweater


Researcher Westrin

SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 20/3/2017

Word or Idiom: to chilledattach (v)

Definition: To apply any sort of media on any platform to be judged by
other people without seeking prior feedback on that media. Author,
this article has been clearly chilledattached, with numerous grammar
and spelling errors scattered throughout. Please seek feedback on your
article before posting.


Researcher Picaro

SCP-566 Instance Number 566-1

Calendar Date: 21/8/2017

Word or Idiom: to denasate (v)

Definition: To cut off one's nose. Following their sentencing, the
prisoners were denasated.


Addendum 566-2: Incident 566-1 

On 10/27/2012, a catalog arrived at Site 10, which currently houses SCP-566. 
There was no return address provided. Its front cover consisted of the text 
"Living Language Linguists' League" and the company logo. An attached note read 

"Heartfelt greetings, friends of the written word. Although [DATA EXPUNGED] two 
antecedent years have been a trying time for all of us, we have not, as you 
might have feared, gone hellenious. Instead, we offer you a crispy new 2013 
edition of our "Wacky Wordables and Idiosyncratic Idioms" Word-A-Day Calendar. 
And there's more! For incisive minds, playful spirits, and connoisseurs of 
obscurity we have daily calendars featuring terms from Speleology, Surgery, and 
[REDACTED], pardon the pun. The early bird gets the worm, and the early buyer 
gets a 20% discount! Wait no more, and word up!" 

Inquiries made throughout the site revealed that nobody had requested any such 
catalog, and testing revealed that it was not anomalous. 



Footnotes 

1. No records of a company or association exist. 

2. The base is assembled from molded PVC parts, while the calendar itself is 
printed using common printing inks on standard coated fine paper, joined with 
polyvinyl acetate glue. 

3. First public mentions of word appear in 2010. 

4. Information appears in the classified SCP-726 file. 


