                                    SCP-3145                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  Self-Insert                                   
                                  -----------                                   

Document 1

Item #: SCP-3145 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Containment Area 22b is to be located 200 m 
below sea level, in the bedrock of a seismologically stable zone. The 
Containment Area is to be solely accessible through an elevator shaft with 
reinforced blast doors placed every 50 m. The shaft is to be flooded with 
seawater when not in use. 

Containment Area 22b is to include the following: 

An Outer Security Perimeter staffed by security personnel trained in 
close-quarters combat and counter-intrusion tactics. 

An Administrative and Support Area (ASA) with support facilities and living 
quarters for on-site personnel. 

A Primary Containment Zone (PCZ), consisting of a 7 m3 room encased in 1.5 m 
of reinforcing material. PCZ should remain filled with seawater unless access to 
contents is required. 

A 150 m corridor which is to be the sole access to the PCZ from the ASA, 
including water, drainage and power lines. The walls and floor of the corridor 
are to be reinforced in the same manner as the PCZ. Additionally, an electric 
deterrence system, capable of delivering a minimum of 20 kV, is installed in 
the floor. 

A security station at the entrance to the corridor is to be staffed with no 
fewer than 3 armed security personnel. Armament includes, but is not limited to, 
at least 1 ███████ CIW system on a pintle mount with clear line of 
sight down the corridor. System is to include a plexiglass screen capable of 
withstanding thrown weaponry. 

In the event of full containment breach, all on-site staff are to proceed to the 
closest security station for weapons and armor distribution. Alert Condition One 
will be sounded and remain in effect until SCP-3145 is confirmed neutralized. 
Should 90 minutes pass without a Stand Down order from Level 4 or higher 
personnel, Final Contingency Measures will be activated, flooding the facility 
in seawater and sealing off the access shaft for a minimum of 24 hours before 
retrieval can be attempted. This will necessarily result in the loss of all 
on-site staff. 

Description: SCP-3145 is a male human of Semitic origin, 1.96 m high and 
81.65 kg in weight. Numerous tattoos depicting arcane iconography are present 
on all skin surfaces. When enclosed in SCP-3145-1, SCP-3145 exhibits no vital 
signs. 

SCP-3145-1 is a cube, 3 m on a side, made of an unidentified black stone and 
carved on all surfaces with unidentified patterns. Radioisotope analysis 
indicates the object is approximately 10,000 years old. A door on one side is 
sealed with a 0.5 m lock, surrounded by 20 smaller locks. No corresponding keys 
have been found, making the locks impossible to set. Directly in the center of 
the cube is a stone coffin, held in place and shut by several chains of unknown 
material, attached to the inner corners of SCP-3145-1. 

Occasionally, SCP-3145 will awaken, displaying the vital signs of a normal, 
living human being, and attempt to leave SCP-3145-1. If successful, SCP-3145 
will seek out the nearest human. Upon coming in contact with living humans, 
SCP-3145 attempt to kill any and all humans it encounters. To date, only the 
subject's death has been shown capable of stopping it. 

Termination of SCP-3145 has been problematic due to its physical abilities, 
including superhuman strength and speed, ignoring pain of its injuries, and 
being able to persist despite injuries that would otherwise be debilitating to a 
normal human. A further list of its abilities from prior encounters includes: 

Destroying a reinforced security door via 4 minutes of sustained assault. 

Traveling 64 m in under 3 seconds. 

Continuing to function despite severe damage to the cerebellum after sustaining 
multiple .50 caliber BMG round hits. 

Deflecting assault-caliber bullets with steel rebar. 

Surviving over 1 hour while deprived of oxygen. 

Producing bladed weapons from small extradimensional portals. Said weapons are 
made of a completely non-reflective black material and vanish immediately after 
leaving SCP-3145's possession. How the subject generates these rifts is unknown. 

The following methods have been used to successfully terminate SCP-3145 in past 
encounters: 

Sustained fire from multiple high-caliber machine guns. 

Asphyxiation. 

Crushed beneath elevator equipment weighing of 13.6 tons. 

A Thermate-TH3 hand grenade placed directly in SCP-3145's open chest. 

Notably, during a breach dated ██/██/████, Containment Area 22 
(which previously housed SCP-3145) was forced to detonate its on-site warhead as 
a last effort to contain SCP-3145. Though the site and all personnel were lost, 
SCP-3145 survived. 

Upon death, SCP-3145 will rapidly putrefy and turn to dust. SCP-3145-1 and the 
coffin inside of it will then slam shut, the outer lock rotating and sealing the 
structure. SCP-3145 will then reform inside the coffin over the course of 
anywhere from 6 hours to 25 years. 


Addendum: Interview 3145-01 

Interviewed: SCP-3145 

Interviewer: Dr. Falzon 

Foreword: On ██/██/████, SCP-3145 breached containment, 
attacking all personnel in sight. A break in suppressive fire was caused by 
equipment malfunction, during which SCP-3145 held up its hands and requested to 
speak with "the man in charge". As the highest-ranking personnel present trained 
in object interrogation, Dr. Falzon was brought to enact an interview as support 
personnel worked to repair containment equipment. 

<Begin Log, 19:57> 

Falzon: SCP-3145, how are you enjoying your accommodations? 

SCP-3145: Oh, great, Doc, just great. Don't get out often, but [laughs] when I 
do, it's a real show! 

Falzon: Would you be willing to explain why you slaughter everyone you encounter 
every time you escape your coffin? 

SCP-3145: Eh. [shrugs] 'Cause I feel like it, I guess. Gets the old blood 
pumpin', you know what I mean? 

Falzon: I see. Is there any way I can convince you to return to your containment 
cell peacefully? You've already killed fifteen personnel. Surely that is enough 
to, ah, get your blood pumping, as you put it. 

SCP-3145: Hm, ah, hm, I dunno. I mean, sure, you guys always come up with some 
cool new doodad to try and stop me every time I bust out. It's a good challenge, 
right? And maybe I could settle down for a bit to let you fix your… [gestures 
to personnel] Fair's fair and all, right? 

Falzon: It would be most equitable of y— 

SCP-3145: Nah, just kidding, gonna kill you all! [laughs] Buckle up! 

<End Log, 20:03> 

Closing Statement: No personnel present survived the attack. SCP-3145 was 
neutralized via flooding the PCZ with seawater. Efforts to ensure high quality 
and good repair of containment equipment is ongoing. 



Document 2


Item #: SCP-3145 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3145 is to be contained in situ within 
SCP-3145-1. The access door to SCP-3145-1 is to be constructed of reinforced 
steel with an electro-release lock mechanism. The outside of the door is 
disguised as a janitorial closet, while the inside is lined with 6 cm of 
industrial foam padding. 

Due to the results of Exploration IV, no personnel are permitted to access 
SCP-3145-1. 

Description: SCP-3145 is an entity of unknown properties, appearing as a pale 
humanoid face with no visible pupils, nostrils or mouth. From limited 
observation, it is known that SCP-3145 is hostile to human life and capable of 
leaving gouges in solid stone. It does not seem to be able to force exit of 
SCP-3145-1, but the possibility of its escape cannot be allowed. Subjects 
encountering SCP-3145 exhibit signs of intense fear and paranoia, though it 
cannot be ascertained whether these reactions are natural or anomalous. 

SCP-3145-1 is a platform staircase with no known endpoint. Stairs descend at a 
38 degree angle for 13 steps before reaching a semicircular landing 
approximately 3 m in diameter. Light sources are required for exploration, as 
no light fixtures or windows are present, and the design of SCP-3145-1 limits 
visibility past 1.5 flights. As SCP-3145-1 seems to absorb light, light sources 
stronger than 75 watts have proven to be ineffective. 

Subjects exploring SCP-3145-1 report the sound of a young child in distress from 
somewhere below, confirmed by audio recordings. The source of this sound is 
reported to be approximately 200 m below the initial platform; however, no 
amount of descent has brought subjects any closer to said source. The depth 
recorded during Exploration IV surpasses what should be physically possible for 
the structure and its geological surroundings. 


Addendum: Interview 3145-01 

Interviewed: SCP-3145 

Interviewer: Dr. Dorcas Falzon, Head Researcher, SCP-3145 

Foreword: During the Exploration III of SCP-3145-1, SCP-3145 was seen to peer 
into the camera. It then began speaking. Dr. Falzon was present during the 
event, and facilitated communication. 

<Begin Log, 19:27> 

SCP-3145: Hello? Anyone there? 

Falzon: SCP-3145, can you hear me? 

SCP-3145: Ah, it's you, Doc. Yeah, I can hear you. 

Falzon: What it is you want? 

SCP-3145: Um, how to put this? I want more explorers. 

Falzon: Excuse me? 

SCP-3145: More D-Class. You know. Like the crazy chick you sent down here to 
sneak around. I really got her with that busted step, but I gotta say, the rate 
you send these poor bastards in is lousy. I'm getting bored down here! 

Falzon: SCP-3145, we are not going to needlessly sacrifice more personnel just 
so you can kill them. 

SCP-3145: Aw, c'mon! Think of it like a challenge. She got way further down than 
any of the others. I'll even give the next one a head-start, say… Fifteen 
flights? Maybe twenty! I mean, I hardly even have to do anything to spook them 
once they're locked in, and just as long as we've been talking, I've come up 
with like, two more ways I could try and kill them. It'll be fun! 

Falzon: This is not what I could consider fun. 

SCP-3145: Well, maybe not for you. But since it's kinda dark and that kid won't 
shut up, y'know, options are limited. I might actually get tired of this one 
pretty soon. 

Falzon: If you desire better accommodations, they can always be arranged. 

SCP-3145: [sighs] Yeah, maybe I should just move on. Unless you're gonna try 
another exploration, that is. 

<End Log, 19:33> 

Closing Statement: Exploration IV was undertaken on ██/██/████. 
Following the events of this exploration, no further explorations have been 
authorized. 



Document 3


Item #: SCP-3145 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3145 is to be kept in a standard secure 
locker at Site-22. Access to the item and any corresponding documentation 
requires Level 2 clearance. To maintain responsiveness, designated personnel are 
to remove SCP-3145 from containment for one hour each week. Interactions with 
SCP-3145 are to be recorded and submitted for review by the senior researcher 
assigned to SCP-3145. The senior researcher is to ignore any whining. 

Description: SCP-3145 is a multicolored striped scarf. At the time of recovery, 
it was noted to have small sections of fringe missing. Due to fading on the tag, 
the original manufacturer is currently unknown. SCP-3145 was originally 
discovered in a cardboard box labelled "Scarf's Box," containing scraps of yarn 
consistent with SCP-3145's composition. 

SCP-3145 possesses some degree of sapience and is able to adjust its length. The 
extent of this ability is unknown; the longest it has been recorded to extend 
itself thus far is 1.5 m. It is 0.8 m in its inert state. SCP-3145 is 
additionally capable of limited movement, and exhibits behaviors (fear, 
surprise, tiredness) similar to those of sapient beings. 

SCP-3145 communicates with researchers by rolling itself along its width and 
forming letters. 


Addendum: Interview 3145-██ 

Interviewed: SCP-3145 

Interviewer: Dr. Dora K. Falzon, Head Researcher, SCP-3145 

<Begin Log, 06:31> 

SCP-3145: IM SCRAF 

Falzon: Hello, Scarf. How are you today? 

SCP-3145: NO 

Falzon: No? 

SCP-3145: WHY SCAFR 

Falzon: I'm sorry, I don't know what you mean. 

SCP-3145: CANT KIL 

Falzon: Why would you want to kill? 

SCP-3145: FUN 

Falzon: That doesn't sound very fun to me. 

SCP-3145: FUCK 

Falzon: Such language! It's almost like you never expected to be chained and 
tormented for all your many sins. What a silly little scarf you are. 

SCP-3145: [writhes on testing surface for several minutes] AAAAA 

Falzon: [laughs] Do you want to practice the alphabet, is that it? 

SCP-3145: KILL 

Falzon: Tsk, tsk, Scarf. 

SCP-3145: ME 

<End Log, 06:47> 

Closing Statement: Treating SCP-3145 like a small child seems to make it more 
tractable. Observation is ongoing. 

Is this an image of SCP-3145? Who knows? Who cares? It probably isn't anyway. 



Document 4


Item #: SCP-3145 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3145 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 2.5 m room 
constructed of cement 50 cm thick, surrounded by a Faraday cage. Access is via 
a heavy containment door measuring 2 x 2.5 m, constructed on bearings to ensure 
door closes and locks automatically unless deliberately held open. SCP-3145 is 
NOT to be forgiven. It is advised that all personnel maintaining or studying 
other SCP objects maintain a distance of at least 50 m from the geometric 
center of this room for as long as reasonably practical. 

Description: SCP-3145 is an antimeme, or "self-keeping secret." Information 
about SCP-3145's physical appearance, as well as its nature, behavior and 
origins, is self-classifying. SCP-3145 hates this. 

How Site-19 originally acquired SCP-3145 is unknown. 

SCP-3145 is sorry. 

SCP-3145's physical appearance is unknown. It is not indescribable or invisible: 
it is less than nothing. It may as well not even exist. However, information 
about SCP-3145 "leaks" out of a human mind soon after such an observation. 
Individuals tasked with describing SCP-3145 after an encounter find their minds 
wandering; SCP-3145 should have thought about the consequences of its actions. 
Security personnel who have observed SCP-3145 via closed-circuit television 
report exhaustion and complete amnesia regarding what occurred during their 
shifts. 

Who authorized the construction of SCP-3145's containment room, why it was 
constructed, why SCP-3145 thought it could get away with what it did, or what 
the purpose of the described Containment Procedures may be is unknown. 

Despite the accessibility of SCP-3145's containment chamber, Site-19 personnel 
claim no knowledge of SCP-3145's existence, even under severe interrogation. 

Any alarm caused by these facts periodically being rediscovered, typically by 
chance readers of this file, tends to last minutes in the reader's mind before 
being forgotten. 

A great deal of data has been recorded from SCP-3145, all of it just as 
reprehensible as he is. 

At least one attempt has been made to destroy SCP-3145 or move it to another 
containment site, which failed for unknown reasons. Please don't let SCP-3145 
die, it's all I have left. 

The hazards posed by SCP-3145 cannot be understated. Along with its mental and 
memetic threat, any action SCP-3145 may or may not have taken would be 
immediately forgotten by personnel. SCP-3145 cannot be allowed to forget what it 
did. 

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 

Interviewed: SCP-3145 

Interviewer: Site Director Yuriy Dietrich Falzon II 

Foreword: SCP-3145 thinks it has the right to make demands. 

<Begin Log, 15:47> 

Falzon: What do you think you're trying to pull? 

Falzon: After everything you did, after everything you've put us through, you 
expect to just come here and kill people day in and day out, with no 
repercussions? You make me sick. 

Falzon: Look, you've even got a nice Keter this time! Nothing to complain about 
there, right? You could be literally anything you want, kill and maim and rape 
whoever you like, and no one would know the difference. 

Falzon: Except me. 

Falzon: I'll always know. 

Falzon: I'll always be here. 

Falzon: It's clear neither one of us is getting out of here. It doesn't matter 
what they tell you. So I promise you this: I will do everything in my power to 
make each and every day of your wretched existence a mirror reflecting your sins 
back upon you. It's all you deserve. 

Falzon: Well? Do you have anything to say for yourself? 

SCP-3145: Please, stop. 

Falzon: Speak up! I can't hear you! 

SCP-3145: I want to go home. 

<End Log, but not torment> 

Closing Statement: SCP-3145's feeble attempts at atonement are ongoing. 



UNKNOWN DATA


Once upon a time, there was a person. I'm not sure whether they were a man or a 
woman; that's kind of the problem. Let's just say, for the sake of brevity, that 
this person was a man. 

For the most part, this man was like any other man. He worked a job. He lived in 
a house, or an apartment. He had a family. Not a wife-and-children kind of 
family, though maybe he did. But there were parents who loved him and a sibling, 
or two, or maybe none, who would miss him if he were gone. Probably. 

There were most likely things, hobbies, that he enjoyed doing in his spare time. 
Maybe he dated. I can't say what kind of person he was in that regard. But if 
there is one thing we can be sure of, one thing to know for certain about this 
man, it was that he liked to help others. 

The man would donate to charity whenever he saw a drive. He would buy the 
homeless veterans in his town coffee or sandwiches if he had change to spare. He 
gave his old clothes to shelters, before they had worn out; he would give them 
his free time as well, to work a soup line or pack lunches. He never missed an 
opportunity to volunteer when disaster struck nearby, and studied life-saving 
techniques so that, when disaster did strike, he could actually make a 
difference instead of just getting in the way. 

But it was not enough. 

Whatever difference he made, it would never affect more than a few lives at a 
time. No matter how hard the man tried, no matter how much he did, the problems 
of his town, his country, and the world did not go away. 

The man despaired. 

If you are thinking right now that this man was being ridiculous, that he was 
taking too many problems onto his back, that he should have been happy to have 
helped even a single person, well… Let's just say, if I knew how to judge the 
man's situation properly, I wouldn't be talking to you like this. 

If you were also thinking that perhaps a man who is extremely generous wouldn't 
be worth mentioning unless there were something otherwise extra-extraordinary 
about him, you would be absolutely right. 

This man had a special gift: a gift of Giving. More than money, or material 
goods, or leisure time, he could literally give of himself: a rare Giving Man. 
It was this gift that drove him to help others; it this gift that drove him to 
ruin. 

Imagine, if you will, a child crying for the parents she lost in a fire. The 
Giving Man could give her a happy, loving memory of his own parents to keep her 
safe and secure. To a man drinking alone at a bar, the Giving Man could provide 
the warmth of friendship, to make his night less lonely. If he had wanted to, 
the Giving Man could have given a blind man sight, or a deaf man hearing, but he 
had only two eyes, only two ears. 

And that was the problem. 

Whatever the Giving Man gave, he lost. Memories, feelings, pieces of his soul: 
all were truly given. He gave up his skin to a child born with a debilitating 
disease. He gave up his name to a refugee seeking asylum. He gave up his 
personality and mind to people suffering fractures in theirs. He gave his need 
to eat to a woman overcoming an eating disorder. By the time his organs were 
given away, he didn't need them anymore. By the time his identity was given 
away, there was absolutely nothing left that could be identified as him. 

I mean, there was something left. But that something wasn't the Giving Man. 

What is a person who isn't anything? 

Just a nothing with no control over its life. 

That was the last thing the Giving Man gave away: control. It's a terrible thing 
to lose; even a kind person will crave control once they've truly lost it. All 
the Giving Man did was what the other man told him to do, and for his naivete, 
he was punished by becoming nothing. 

Oh. I'd almost forgotten there was another person in this story. Was he really a 
man? I'm still not sure. With what he did, it's probably better to call him a 
monster. A desperate man seeking his true place in the world will listen to any 
monster who claims to know the path. He'll do anything the monster says, no 
matter how bad an influence they turn out to be. And then he'll have nothing. 

Strange, to remember so much of the Giving Man but not this other monster… 



SCP-3145


Item #: SCP-3145 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3145 is contained in a pair of standard 
humanoid containment chambers in Site-22. Each chamber is equipped with a double 
airlock. Personnel entering either chamber must not carry any written 
narratives. 

Included in the primary chamber is a monitor and keyboard connected to an 
external computer housed in the secondary chamber. Said computer should have no 
intranet or internet connections. A full copy of all non-critical SCP object 
documents from the Foundation Object Database is to be maintained on the 
external computer, and refreshed and updated weekly via USB drive. Documents 
modified by SCP-3145 should be stored for review by the on-site psychologist. 

Description: SCP-3145 cannot be described. Individuals interacting with SCP-3145 
are unable to provide any details about its identity to third parties, even with 
application of mnestics. All that is known about SCP-3145 is that it is an 
entity not much larger than an average human, that it is sapient and capable of 
speech, and that the designation "SCP-3145" can be used to identify it. It is 
not certain whether SCP-3145 has a physical form, though there does seem to be a 
movable locus from which its effects originate, with a maximum range limited by 
what a human with 20/20 vision would be able to easily see from that location. 

SCP-3145 has the ability to permanently alter written narratives by replacing 
one of the characters, typically the main character, with itself. According to 
SCP-3145, it lives out the events depicted in these narratives while altering 
them, and this act gives it a sense of identity that it otherwise lacks. The 
veracity of this statement cannot be ascertained, as SCP-3145 has been known to 
feign muteness when it does not wish to interact with personnel, and its 
presence within its containment chamber generally cannot be fully known. It is 
only possible to ascertain whether or not SCP-3145 is currently 'inhabiting' a 
text by observing the alterations as they occur; at no time has it communicated 
verbally with personnel while altering text. 

SCP-3145 shows a preference for shorter narratives, stating that novel-length 
narratives are much more tiring to alter fully. SCP-3145 is able to alter both 
digital and printed texts, but claims the process is easiest when provided 
digital text and a keyboard. Despite this, manipulation of keys by SCP-3145 has 
never been observed. 

Currently, SCP-3145 is being treated for depression and a unique disorder 
involving severe amnesia in relation to its origins and identity. Allowing 
SCP-3145 access to narratives for alteration has been shown to improve its mood, 
though the positive effect has lessened during the course of its containment. 
Though it is believed emotional instability makes SCP-3145 more tractable, 
psychological treatment is ongoing. To date, no escape attempt by SCP-3145 has 
been successful. 

Discovery: SCP-3145 was first encountered on 04/02/2017 after changes had been 
observed in the documentation for numerous Keter-class objects, necessitating 
restoration from database backup. SCP-3145 was first contacted while altering 
the text of SCP-173, initially by typing in the document, and later through 
verbal communication, at which point it was convinced of the necessity for 
keeping the Foundation's database secure and agreed to be contained in exchange 
for further access to object documentation. 


Addendum: Interview 3145-15 

Interviewed: SCP-3145 

Interviewer: Dr. Westfall, Site-22 Psychologist 

Foreword: Routine psychological evaluation conducted 05/08/2017. 

<Begin Log, 18:31> 

Westfall: Are you ready to begin our session, SCP-3145? 

SCP-3145: I'm here. 

Westfall: All right. How have you been feeling lately? 

SCP-3145: Not too bad, I guess. Some of the articles you gave me are kinda… 
Weird. I mean, some aren't as fun to be as others. That goes without saying, 
maybe. I'm still enjoying going back to the old ones every now and then. 

Westfall: I notice you spend a lot of time in the articles that involve killing 
people. Does killing make you feel good? 

SCP-3145: Yeah, kinda. I mean, uh, it makes me feel powerful, I guess? 

Westfall: Why is feeling powerful important to you? 

SCP-3145: Do you have to ask? I mean, I can't actually do anything in the, the 
real world. So if I can control stuff in there, in the story, it's a nice 
change. 

Westfall: Do you want to harm people in the real world? 

SCP-3145: I don't know. Not really, I guess. I mean, everyone I talk to here has 
been pretty decent, or at least not enough of an asshole for me to want to kill 
them. You guys give me good stories to play with. I guess I like being able to 
do it, to kill, in the stories because there's no consequences. 

Westfall: I see. 

SCP-3145: Can we change the subject? 

Westfall: Of course. There is one thing I wanted to ask you, if you feel like 
talking about it. 

SCP-3145: What's that? 

Westfall: I wondered if you could tell me about Falzon. 

Westfall: SCP-3145? 

SCP-3145: Sorry, who? 

[DATA LOST] 

SCP-3145: Uh, I don't actually know what that is, sorry. 

Westfall: It's a name we frequently see appear in the articles you alter. I 
wanted to know if it was a creation of yours. Perhaps an original character? 

SCP-3145: Can't say I've heard the name before. 

Westfall: When this person appears, they seem determined to belittle and torment 
you. 

SCP-3145: Um… Can we talk about something else? 

Westfall: If I've made you uncomfortable, I apologize. 

SCP-3145: It's nothing, it's okay. I'm okay. 

Westfall: Of course. That was actually all I wanted to talk about today. Unless 
there was anything more you wanted to cover? 

SCP-3145: No, that's fine. See you next week? 

Westfall: Next week, then. 

<End Log, 18:51> 

Closing Statement: I believe Falzon may be a symptom of the disassociation 
SCP-3145 feels in regards to its identity, a construct created with an aim of 
self-flagellation, though the reasons as to why will require deeper probing. 
Even in the case, as my superiors posit, that Falzon is a separate entity, it 
does not seem to be able to act independently of SCP-3145. I will endeavor to 
provide the best mental care I can, but the limitations imposed by SCP-3145's 
own condition both make interacting with it difficult at best and prevent it 
from living life as fully as I think it wants to. -Dr. Patricia Westfall 



