                                    SCP-5055                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                    Pandora                                     
                                    -------                                     



Joshua packed up his camp and made his way down the silent highway; a 
nettle-grove of empty cars and twisted rebar. He gave each vehicle a quick 
glance as he passed, but he never slowed, and he never hoped. He knew better. 
Besides, he wasn’t here for prizes. He was using the highway for it's intended 
purpose; a quick route from here to there. 

To the light in the window.

He’d seen it two days ago from across the city: a single glowing plane on the 
24th floor of a high-rise, nestled deep in the forest of skyscrapers. His vision 
narrowed on it even now, dark as it was in the daylight. It was like a familiar 
face across a distant room. It called to him. It could mean… it might mean… 

“Please!”

Joshua flinched and turned. He'd been staring at the window, and had forgotten 
his surroundings. He'd been spotted. They were coming for him now. 

A figure came barreling out from between two trucks, tall and skeletal, running 
at him with hands outstretched. 

“Please!” it screamed. "I need it! Please! I'm so-”

The gunshot rang out. It echoed across the whole, empty city. Birds would have 
taken wing, flying up from the nearby trees… but of course, neither had 
existed in a long, long time. Here and now, the thing took three more trembling 
steps, one hand still outstretched. Then, it collapsed. 

Joshua didn't lower his gun. He knew there’d be consequences for the sound. He 
checked his blind spots. Sure enough, there were a half dozen more, watching him 
with their sunken eyes. Most stayed crouched, but one had come to stand in the 
center in the road. The way it looked at him… it was almost taunting Joshua 
for a repeat performance. Begging, maybe. It was impossible to tell; there was 
barely any face left to read. Joshua held his breath and waited for the 
coin-flip decision. Would they rush him, or… 

No, they slunk off, one by one crawling over car hoods and through concrete 
rubble. The standing one stayed the longest, watching Joshua until the last 
moment before walking away. 

Joshua exhaled. He stood over his kill. One shot, through the neck. Clean. 
Lucky. They never had much neck on them, just a thin chicken bone propping up 
the head. This one was no different, all hollow cheeks and browning teeth. 
Joshua worked the tip of his machete against the things ribs; the gangrenous, 
bone-flattened flesh was a thin as rice paper. No meat. 

Useless.

It was late in the day before Joshua reached the high rise. Silently, he climbed 
the many flights of stairs, satchel held tight under his arm. It was light. Too 
light. He chewed roughly on the fabric in his mouth, dull and flavorless. It 
made his stomach churn, but he had to. He couldn’t end up like them. Nothing 
else was more important. He chewed so hard his gums began to bleed. 

Room 2405.

The door wasn't locked; it wasn't even fully closed. As Joshua stepped inside, 
the apartment seemed like every other home he’d ever trespassed upon, all bare 
shelves and broken cabinets, full of grime and absence. Family photos and 
personal trinkets laid broken on the floor. No one had cared when things got 
bad. 

A young man sat on the couch. He wore a filthy t-shirt and jeans, his black hair 
long and unkempt. His skin was sickly, but rounded, sitting over a bed of real 
fat, muscle and sinew. 

He looked up as Joshua entered. They stared at each other in one long, empty 
moment before the young man turned back to a tiny, flickering screen on the 
coffee table. 

Joshua approached the arm of the sofa, pulling the cloth out of his mouth, 
staring at the smartphone with a mix of surprise and awe. The cracked screen was 
alive with flowing light and motion. Joshua couldn't recall the last time he'd 
seen a lit screen, but then again, he hadn't really been looking. 

“What are you watching?” Joshua asked.

“Demon Slayer.” the young man replied. His voice was dry and cracking, but 
still filled with youthful energy. “It's a kind of Japanese cartoon. It's 
really good. I was actually going to visit Japan, y’know, before this all 
happened. I had this whole show saved on my phone for the plane ride so… I 
figured I might as well finish it.” 

Another moment passed.

“Looks cool.” Joshua finally said, then glancing around the room. “Do you 
have any-” 

“Food?” the young man finished. “No. I ran out yesterday."

“Shame.” Joshua said. “You know they’ll see the light, right?”

“Huh?” the young man asked, looking away from the screen. The credits had 
begun to roll. A foreign, melancholy song played on the tiny speaker. “Ah… 
you mean the starving ones. Yeah, I figured they might. I don’t really care 
much anymore. I'm too tired. I'm tired of scavenging and being hungry all the 
damn time. I don't care if they find me… but hey, looks like you found me 
instead!” 

He smiled. His teeth were yellow. His gums were pale pink. “Isn’t that 
lucky? It’s been a long time since I had anyone to talk to. So, tell me 
friend, what is your theory? Why don’t they die?” 

Joshua didn’t reply.

“Everyone had a theory, you know, back in the early days; back when there was 
food. The internet was alive with speculation! How could it not be? This is like 
something out of a horror film! I mean, sure, they’re not quite zombies; they 
still think, and talk, and- well, they’re still human… I think. They're just 
starving people who don’t seem to die. Still pretty damn scary, huh?” 

Joshua didn't reply.

“So! What do you think?” the man asked, head falling to one side. “Super 
virus? Alien mind control? Some kind of government experiment?” 

After another long, painfully quiet moment, the man finally asked what should 
have been his first question. “Why are you here?” 

Slowly, and without a hint of malice, Joshua raised his machete.

“Ah, of course.” the young man said, looking back at the coffee table, 
folding his hands in his lap. 

“You’re hungry.”


Item #: SCP-5055 

Level 6

Containment Class: Apollyon 

Site Responsible: Site-19 

Director: None 

Research Head: None 

Assigned Task Force: None 


Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-5055 is no longer possible. 
An LK-Class “Agni Unbound” restructuring event has already occurred. 

Description: SCP-5055 is a small chest composed of ivory, bronze, and stained 
wood. This chest was recovered from an archaeological dig-site beneath the ruins 
of Ancient Constantinople, sealed in a 6m2 cube of solid caementicium, or roman 
concrete. When touched, SCP-5055 instills an intense sensation of dread. 

On January 1st, 2020, D-6106 was instructed to open SCP-5055, as to ascertain 
its contents. 

Inside SCP-5055 was something everyone deserves.

A single handwritten note was also present inside SCP-5055, which read

> "SORRY! PLEASE TRY AGAIN!" <



She opened the box, and inside was…

SCP-5055.

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5055 is currently held in the
Site-19 acquisitions vault. SCP-5055 will be re-located once testing
is complete, and proper containment protocols are established.

Description: SCP-5055 is a small chest composed of ivory, bronze, and
stained wood. This chest was recovered from an archaeological dig-site
beneath the ruins of Ancient Constantinople, sealed in a 6m2 cube of
solid caementicium, or roman concrete. When touched, SCP-5055 instills
an intense sensation of dread.

On January 1st, 2020, D-6106 was instructed to open SCP-5055, as to
ascertain its contents.

Inside SCP-5055 was |



“D-6106?”

She blinked. Suddenly, D-6106 remembered where she was, and what she
was doing.

“D-6106? Hello? You froze up on us for a second. What’s going on?”

The voice came from a box on the wall. The young woman knew it
belonged to a man in a white lab coat, several rooms away, watching
her on a closed-circuit video feed. She was alone in this room; a
dimly lit concrete cube deep beneath god-knows-where.

She was reaching towards a small, ivory chest. There was a smudge
beneath where her fingers hovered. Had she touched it? She couldn’t
remember touching it…

“Yeah- uh, sorry” she said, dropping her hand, looking around until
she found the camera. “I just… It was like-”

“A sense of looming dread?” the voice asked. “Like the last thing in
the world you should do is open that box? We told you that might
happen. Just ignore it.”

D-6106 turned back to look at the chest. Dread? Oh yes, she felt that;
a heart-freezing, stomach churning level of dread. Yet underneath that
feeling there was a kernel of hard, tangible truth…. she just couldn't
seem to pin it down. It was like knowing you’ve forgotten something
important; like leaving the stove on at home, or forgetting a deadline
for a school project.

Deep down, D-6106 knew this feeling had a source. A reason. Like a
dream after waking, the shape of it was rapidly slipping away, leaving
her with only the after-echoes of adrenaline and fear. What was it?
What had she seen? What had she-

“Reset the test.” said the voice, quieter, as if spoken to someone
else. Then, it gained volume again. “D-6106, open SCP-5055.”

She put those thoughts aside, knowing full well what would happen if
she didn’t comply. There was only one thing to do.

She opened the box, and inside was…

 

“Huh.” she said, picking up a small slip of paper and reading it. 
“Good for me, I guess?”


 
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5055 is currently held in the
Site-19 acquisitions vault. SCP-5055 will be re-located to an
appropriate containment chamber once testing is complete.

Description: SCP-5055 is a small chest composed of ivory, bronze, and
stained wood. This chest was recovered from an archaeological dig-site
beneath the ruins of Ancient Constantinople, sealed in a 6m2 cube of
solid caementicium, or roman concrete. When touched, SCP-5055 instills
an intense sensation of dread.

On January 1st, 2020, D-6106 was instructed to open SCP-5055, as to
ascertain its contents. The only object present inside SCP-5055 was a
handwritten note stating “You Win.”

No anomalous activity has been detected following this event. Closing,
and re-opening SCP-5055 has produced no new information, or resumption
of previously observed effects. As per protocol, SCP-5055 will be
de-classified on October 17th, 2021.

They returned her to her cell. Six months later, having survived many
far more harrowing encounters, D-6106 was amnestisized, and released
under the name Mona Willis.

Mona worked as a desk clerk for several months before returning to
school. She became a certified accountant, and her co-workers quickly
realized that, for whatever reason, Mona knew how to handle stress
like a hardened soldier. She was running the company in less than a
decade.

While working, Mona met a wonderful man. He was quiet, kind, and knew
nothing of violence; the antithesis of her late and long forgotten
husband. Together they had two healthy, happy children, who soon had
children of their own. In a blink, Mona had become an old woman; a
grandmother, content and cared for in her golden years.

Though some nights, she had terrible dreams.

She would find herself atop a turbulent, inky black ocean, floating on
the Earth itself in miniature. The little blue-green ball was barely
larger than her own body, and she was in a constant panic, trying
desperately to keep them both afloat.

In the distance, ivory spires peppered the horizon, like the
needle-teeth of some great nameless horror. They seemed to stretch up
past the atmosphere, their jagged peaks holding up a single, colossal
blood-red moon.

It dominated the world above her, stretching to the utmost edges of
the night sky. It’s surface was a crimson hellscape, boiling and
cracking, second by second forming new vast continents to be sheared
apart in molten blossoms.

A never-ending cataclysm.

Hard as she tried, she couldn’t close her eyes. She was forced to
behold it all: the moon above, the towers beyond, or beneath, an ocean
filled with new horrors every night.

Sometimes she saw the faces of those she loved, thin and howling,
reaching out to her from the depths below. Sometimes there would be
great beasts; otherworldly leviathans locked in an endless conflict
that spilled foul, pungent blood into the waters around her. Sometimes
the sea was full of leeches and freakish, quick-swimming creatures to
drag her down, bit by bit.

Sometimes there was nothing. No waves, no light, no sound; just
endless, still black water. Somehow, those nights were the worst of
all.

No matter how hard she struggled and paddled, the ocean would always
swallow her up. The Earth she cradled would slip from her grasp,
vanishing away into the darkness. Then, she would be weightless,
breathless, and calm. For a moment, she would feel herself verging on
something terrible and honest.

But then she’d be in a room, solid and dry. A concrete room,
containing a small, ornate box.

She’d open the box, and inside was…

Then, she'd be awake.

After a few minutes steadying her heartbeat and catching her breath,
Mona would hobble to the bathroom to splash cold water on her face.
Like the dreams, this was routine, and honestly didn't trouble her
much.

Terrifying as they might be, Mona reasoned the dreams were likely just
symbolic; a subconscious fear of an obvious, looming truth. After all,
she was in her late 80’s now, and the doctors seemed to have new pills
for her every check-up. She didn't care what was inside the box. Soon
she'd be confronting a much greater mystery; maybe the greatest of
them all.

So why fret? She had lived a good, long life. Mona paid her dreams no
(waking) mind, and spent her final days in quiet comfort, surrounded
by her family and friends.

After all, nothing else was more important.


