                                    SCP-4673                                    
                                    ========                                    

                             Reverse Identity Theft                             
                             ----------------------                             

---------- Email message ---------

From: SCP-4673 Mailer System

Date: Wed, Apr 8, 2020 at 2:13 PM

Subject: 60-day Affirmation

To: List: 'All Foundation Personnel'

Good afternoon. A reminder: the below process and containment file review must 
be completed within 10 days. Please click the link below to access: 


Scipnet://hb533634lnt3ne.containmentfile.scp/data--network/ front-end/SCP-4673//confirmlogin.asp 

Thank you for your cooperation.

This is an automated message; replies to it will go unanswered.

To access this containment file, please complete the following affirmation. 
Please type: 

"I am not Foundation Agent Edward Carter Hardwick."

Enter text here:	
I am not Foundation Agent Edward Carter Hardwick.
Confirm

Your response has been logged. You may now optionally review this containment 
file. 


Item #: SCP-4673

Object Class: Euclid

Secure Containment Procedures: Every 60 days, every Foundation employee must 
affirm, in writing or verbally, that they are not Foundation Agent Edward Carter 
Hardwick. This affirmation may be done via a predesignated email link, or to 
their immediate superior in person, writing, or over radio communication. 
Foundation supervisors are required to file the responses of their direct 
reports having completed this task before the 60th day of each 90-day period. 

Access to this containment file must be held behind an affirmation that the user 
attempting to access this file is not Foundation Agent Edward Carter Hardwick. 

External affairs is advised to be certain that any person being processed for 
intake as new Foundation personnel is not named Edward Carter Hardwick. 

Any Foundation personnel claiming to be Foundation Agent Edward Carter Hardwick 
should be reported to site security for immediate termination. Claims that such 
an utterance were unintentional, humorous, or in jest are not defenses against 
this protocol. 

In the unlikely event of the manifestation of SCP-4673-A, they are not to be 
engaged and their target should be terminated immediately. If this is not 
possible, SCP-4673-A should be allowed to proceed to their target without 
resistance. 

Description: SCP-4673 is the identity of Edward Carter Hardwick, born July 7, 
1987. Members of the Foundation who are unaware of the nature of SCP-4673 may, 
without warning, manifest SCP-4673. At such a time, their own identity slowly 
becomes overwritten with SCP-4673. Initial effects include identifying with the 
name Edward Carter Hardwick, or exhibiting behaviors and mannerisms consistent 
with Edward Carter Hardwick. If there is no intervention at this point, they 
will begin to lose memories of their own identity as SCP-4673 parasitically 
consumes their psyche. Once this process is complete, SCP-4673 will cause a 
memetic response in others around the subject, who will begin to identify the 
subject as Foundation Agent Edward Carter Hardwick. At this point, thirteen 
humanoid entities will manifest within a 1 mile radius of the subject, 
collectively designated SCP-4673-A. 

SCP-4673 only impacts Foundation personnel, and will not manifest on any 
Foundation agent who makes a conscious effort to declare they are not Foundation 
Agent Edward Carter Hardwick on a regular basis, usually 90 days. SCP-4673 does 
not impact D-Class Personnel. 


Addenda 4673.1: SCP-4673-A

SCP-4673-A is a paramilitary group consisting of what appear to be eleven males 
and two females in modern and advanced tactical gear. SCP-4673-A is armed with 
high explosives, heavy firearms, and numerous anomalous and non-anomalous 
equipment including: 

(13) SIG Sauer M17 service pistols
(8) Colt M4A1 Carbine rifles with ACOG optic and vertical forward grip
(3) Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine guns
(1) U.S.-spec AT-4 Anti-tank weapon capable of firing repeatedly without reload
(1) Mk 14 Enhanced Battle Rifle (EBR)
(7) MM-1 "Minimore" anti-personnel devices
an apparently unlimited number of M67 grenades

On more than one occasion, SCP-4673-A have manifested inside a Foundation 
Security site. Their only motivation is to kill Foundation Agent Edward Carter 
Hardwick. 

Members of SCP-4673-A appear to be as vulnerable to damage as a living human in 
similar gear would be, but upon death they vanish and instantaneously remanifest 
nearby fully restocked and with no prior injury. This effect will also occur if 
they are rendered unconscious, detained and unable to escape, or physically 
blocked from reaching Edward Carter Hardwick. Their tactical operation will 
continue until the target is reached, overwhelming their enemies through sheer 
attrition. Upon the death of Edward Carter Hardwick, SCP-4673-A will demanifest. 


Addenda 4673.2: Edward Carter Hardwick

Edward Carter Hardwick was, as far as Foundation records indicate, employed by 
the Covert Operations Division from 2013 to 2019 as an embedded agent in occult 
paramilitary organization ████████████████ in an 
attempt to neutralize their operations. During the time of said operation, 
Hardwick was involved in numerous situations involving the organization's 
experimentation with infohazardous materials and rituals. (See Field Operations 
Log 554-FK-101.B) 

In late 2019, Hardwick's cover was compromised by a Foundation double agent, Mr. 
Woolton (See below). Hardwick was confronted by leading members of 
████████████████ and, as a last resort, 
performed an as-yet-unknown memetic modification ritual on himself and possibly 
his attackers. 


Addenda 4673.3: Security Footage: Exit interview with Mr. Woolton

Interviewer: Cpt. Greg Reynold, Site-91

Interviewee: Mr. Woolton, a Field Operations Handler for the Foundation

Reynold: How long were you working for 
████████████████? 

Woolton: You don't understand. I…I…

Reynold: You burned Hardwick. And now he's…I don't even know. Do you?

██████: I…I'm…

Reynold: What did you get out of it? Did they pay you? Give you anomalous goodie 
bags? 

Hardwick: I'm…Edward Hardwick.

Reynold: What?

SCP-4673-A breaches the other side of the room. Cpt. Reynold and Foundation 
Agent Edward Carter Hardwick are fatally struck by a number of bullets and 
SCP-4673-A demanifests. 


