                                    SCP-3493                                    
                                    ========                                    

                     The Great SCP Foundation Collaboration                     
                     --------------------------------------                     

Connected To:

UNI-2346 (LOCAL)

WARNING: Local will be inaccessible to users. Please try connecting to another 
peer universe. 

Item #: SCP-3493

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: [DATA EXPUNGED]

Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

0%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 

[Open O5 Control Panel]


Connected To:

UNI-2347 (PARALLEL)


Item #: SCP-3493

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3493 is to be monitored at all times via 
Foundation Space Telescope SCPST-03. SCPST-03 is to automatically measure 
alterations in size, relative position, and redshift of SCP-3493, and then 
record timestamped status reports to the appropriate documentation hosted on the 
Multiversal Collaboration Project network. 

New researchers assigned to SCP-3493 should first be exposed to files accessed 
by the Multiversal Collaboration Project network while connected to a non-local 
system peer, to ensure that they are capable of retaining necessary memories 
regarding SCP-3493 information. Since local Foundation operatives are unable to 
enforce restricted security level access on non-local peer systems, IT staff 
with Level 3493/5 clearance are to regularly review non-local peer documentation 
and restrict access to instances where security clearance is deemed inadequate. 
Restrictions may be removed when local security level access protocols have been 
negotiated with the non-local peer in violation of local ruling. 

The Multiversal Collaboration Project should have access to at least 5 
alternative non-local iterations of SCP-3493 documentation at all times. Should 
this value drop below the threshold, the Multiversal Diplomatic Department is to 
begin negotiations and/or renegotiations with Foundation instances that 
currently exist as a part of the network, followed by those that have left the 
network for non-detrimental reasons, and lastly, attempts are to be made to 
contact as-of-yet-uncontacted instances of the SCP Foundation. 

Rogue instances are to be removed from the Multiversal Collaboration Project 
immediately, providing the network has more than the required 5 alternative 
instances. 

Description: SCP-3493 is an anti-meme localized to a single universe, capable of 
hiding all information regarding itself solely within the universe. While 
SCP-3493 may be observed and described at any point in time, information dealing 
with the object will immediately become uninterpretable by both those describing 
it, and those attempting to interpret any form of a description pertaining to 
SCP-3493. Due to this, Foundation personnel are unable to interpret data 
describing a local instance of SCP-3493 after it has been described, as long as 
it exists in the local universe. 

SCP-3493 itself is the first confirmed hyper-massive black hole that currently 
resides 3.1Gpc outside of the Milky Way Galaxy. While its post-hyperdense nature 
is not yet understood, it is currently theorized that the gravitational 
influence it produces is so great that it has begun to consume meta-information 
regarding itself as the meta-information spreads throughout the local universe. 
The result of this is the perceived effect that meta-information concerning it 
becomes inconceivable to those trying to interpret it, due to it being destroyed 
by the origin (SCP-3493) at almost the instant the meta-information is formed. 

However, this effect has so far been observed to only manifest within the 
universe that a particular instance of SCP-3493 resides in. Due to this, a 
counter-measure has been established to allow Foundation personnel the ability 
to retain information about SCP-3493 via connections established through the 
Multiversal Diplomatic Department (MDD). For more information, see the 
Multiversal Collaboration Project Documentation Summary. 

Multiversal Collaboration Project Summary: The Multiversal Collaboration Project 
was created to combat the powerful anti-memetic effects of SCP-3493, by 
exploiting a major weakness in its mechanics: While it may consume its own 
meta-information soon after its creation, this meta-information can be 
"captured" when it passes in to a non-local universe, and therefore make the 
meta-information immune to the consumption of the local SCP-3493 instance. 

On 12/07/20██, the non-local universe now designated "UNI-ZERO" contacted 
the SCP Foundation and supplied an offer to join what is now known as the 
Multiversal Collaboration Project network, to allow a joint operation in 
efficiently monitoring SCP-3493. Using the network, local Foundation personnel 
are capable of retaining information regarding SCP-3493, by reviewing 
documentation written in alternate non-local universes by parallel Foundation 
operatives. Due to the cross-universe meta-information "capture" effect, 
SCP-3493 data from alternate non-local universes manages to avoid consumption by 
SCP-3493 and is therefore void of its anti-memetic properties. 

Future collaboration projects between local and non-local Foundation iterations 
are pending review of potential Inter-Reality Paradox scenarios. 

UPDATE: On 04/02/20██, all contact with UNI-ZERO was lost.


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

14.29%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Connected To:

UNI-86243 (CLASSIC)


Item designation number: #21849AR-3493

Description of item:

Only known instance of a hypermassive black hole. Current coordinates: 5h 38m 
24.0844s, 41° 02' 47.0317". Distance of 3.1Gpc from Earth. Total estimated mass 
exceeding 3.1×1020 M☉ (roughly 1/10th mass of observable universe). Emits 
low-level gravitational distortions at periodic intervals. Remnants of decayed 
galaxy clusters detected within 3.4Mpc of anomaly. Theorized former galaxy 
clusters consumed by the hypermassive black hole. 

Detail of current containment:

Anomaly is monitored by satellite ADRS-41C. ADRS-41C contains a core 
Gravitational Distortion Array (GDA). A back-up GDA is maintained at all times. 
Any changes detected in anomaly status are automatically recorded to Multiversal 
Collaboration Project network. Technicians to monitor Multiversal Collaboration 
Project network upload system at all times and fix errors immediately. 

Report:

First discovered when currently designated UNI-ZERO contacted the Office during 
cross-universal experimentation, claiming to be an alternative iteration of the 
Office of Anomaly Regulation, known as the "SCP Foundation". The Foundation 
invited the OAR to join a collaborative effort to counter a powerful 
anti-memetic that was only capable of affecting those local to the universe they 
resided in (formerly undiscovered by the OAR, now designated #21849AR-3493). 
Experimentation was carried out involving researchers exposed to 
Foundation-supplied documentation and compared to a control group observing the 
anomaly with no exposure to Foundation documentation. Subsequent results 
confirmed Foundation claim and the OAR accepted the invitation to join what is 
now known as the Multiversal Collaboration Project. 

Theorized the anomalies density enables it to consume meta-information regarding 
itself as it leaves the object, creating a natural anti-memetic property. Effect 
has proven unable to consume meta-information as it leaves its local universe, 
allowing alternative iterations of the OAR (shown to be more commonly referred 
to as the SCP Foundation in other universes, The Administrator has approved 
discussion regarding a possible name change of the OAR to match with 
counterparts) to share information concerning the anomaly in a large multiversal 
network. 

So far proven effective.

Addendum: Contact with UNI-ZERO lost without warning. Discussions with alternate 
iterations show mutual confusion regarding the sudden disappearance. 
Collaborative investigations are currently ongoing into the fate of UNI-ZERO. 


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

28.57%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Connected To:

UNI-1100 (MEDIEVAL)


Enumeration: SCP 3493

Object Form: Keterian

Special Containment Procedures: SCP 3493 shalt be viewed at regular intervals 
through the enhanced telescopic device, which wilt be provided pow'r by an 
"electric generator" given to the House of SCP by an external cosmic hereby 
referred to as "celestial zero". 

All changes of the anomalous heavenly body shalt be writ down on standard 
parchment and then placed into the "scanning" device provided here by 
aforementioned celestial zero. Only those who has't read the book that wast 
gift'd 'longside the device, may be permitted to toucheth, 'r operate it. 

All memb'rs of the House of SCP that joineth endeavours involving SCP 3493 must 
but first be shown extra-celestial titles on the so-called "network" device 
pertaining to SCP 3493. 

Description: SCP 3493 is a heavenly body shown to has't effects on the human 
mind that does involve creation of a form of forgetfulness regarding the 
supernatural body itself. 

Scholars currently studying said body first hath believed the cause wast from 
that of a god of mental degradation, howev'r, recent contacts with 
extra-celestial guilds hast lead these same scholars to now view it as something 
beyond our current und'rstanding of the natural sciences and alchemies. 

Extra-celestial guilds ref'r to SCP 3493 by the form of "hypermassive black 
hole", a concept yet to be truly und'rstood despite the known golden age of 
science our people reside in. 

The most wondrous alchemists of the House has't been unable to unfold SCP 3493 
by their und'rstandings of thaumaturgy giving more support to the claims of our 
alleg'd allies. 

Those claiming to be of another world has't provided us with complex mechanical 
contraptions capable of most wondrous and paranormal feats, the likes of which 
continue to astound. Those who claimeth to join us with other brothers-in-arms 
are to also seek study of the celestial body with us in mutual und'rstanding. 
The ungodly devices provided for the mentioned "multiversal collaboration 
project" art actively being studied by the greatest minds of the House of SCP to 
ensure nay blasphemous activity doth take lodging within those forms. 

Addendum the First: As of recent events p'rtaining to the multiversal 
collaboration project, celestial zero hast ceased contact with both ourselves 
and our scholarly allies. It is regrettable we can find nay apparent sign of any 
last guide from our benefactors, howev'r it is possible the celestial body may 
has't quell'd their final efforts to form final bond with us. 

Furth'r work taketh place to establish a final und'rstanding relating to this 
dark omen continues with the remaining benefactors of our great endeavour. 

Addendum the Second: Furth'r development regarding the celestial body hast been 
noted, in the form of a physical change in heavenly location. The change matches 
nay known pattern ev'r did measure upon the celestial spheres. Scholars and self 
proclaim'd prophets has't thus produced nay consistent explanation. 

Those of the highest standing in the House of SCP has't thus far concluded this 
peculiar event may be connected to the aforementioned disappearance of celestial 
zero. Belief of relation in the recent infiltrations of the House of SCP by 
spies claiming to be long-standing memb'rs of the House of SCP to these events 
also holdeth high merit among peers. 

Such heathens, in particular those claiming to has't been 'forgot' by the House 
of SCP, should be spared immediate execution and instead did hold f'r extensive 
interrogation to ascertain their connection to the celestial body and its recent 
movements. 


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

42.86%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


ACCESS TO THIS UNIVERSE HAS BEEN BLOCKED BY SYSADMIN

See contact logs for more information.


UNI-3236 Contact Logs: The following is a record of the initial contact with the 
Foundation present in UNI-3236. 

Dr. Hansol: Connection to UNI-3236 established. Attempting initial 
communication. 

Dr. Hansol activates baseline sound communication array.

Dr. Hansol: Hello? Do you hear me? Repeat, do you hear me?

Distorted sounds are heard, Dr. Hansol begins retuning instruments

Dr. Hansol: Hold on, the signal's a bit patchy, let must just... There, that 
should do it. Can you hear me now? 

UNI-3236: Yes hello, this is dado, best place in multiverse to buy greatest 
anomaly, how can I be doing for you? 

Dr. Hansol: Wait, what? dado? That can't be right, this should be a Foundation 
facili- 

UNI-3236: Yes, you are interested in SCP Foundation by dado, okay then, which 
variety is your choosing? dado only make finest anomaly, only best. 

Dr. Hansol: You have got to be joking. dado, are you running the Foundation 
there? 

UNI-3236: Yes, dado run Foundation good, you trust dado, dado secure, dado 
contain, dado protect, only finest SCP from dado. You say joke, yes, you want -J 
SCP, okay, which can dado provide? 

Dr. Hansol: What? -J? What even... no, listen dado, we want to collaborate with 
oth- 

UNI-3236: Sorry no, dado no interest in partnership, sole trade only, ok, I send 
you surprise -J as order, thank you, bye. 

[CONNECTION LOST]

Aftermath: 2 days following contact with UNI-3236, an unmarked package arrived 
at Site-41-B containing a single rock and a small piece of paper on which was 
crudely written in marker pen: "scp fondation by dado" (sic). The package is 
believed to have been sent as a result of the exchange with UNI-3236. The 
Multiversal Diplomacy Department has advised blocking access to UNI-3236 to all 
except those currently assigned to other SCP objects related to PoI "dado". 

The rock has still not been studied.


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

57.14%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Connected To:

UNI-2049 (FUTURE)


Item #: SCP-3493

Threat Level: Yellow ●

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures

SCP-3493 is a designated watch target for SCP Foundation Outpost Kepler-22b-966 
and is monitored at all times by an orbital Anti-Amnesic Network (AAN) on a 
magnitude of at least 75 nodes. Note: While the AAN is capable of keeping itself 
cognizant of changes to SCP-3493, human and huvron perception is still affected. 
Therefore, the AAN is solely responsible for the upkeep of the Multiversal 
Collaboration Project network file. At least 3 non-automaton personnel are to be 
briefed on SCP-3493 and given access to the Multiversal Collaboration Project 
network, in order to allow maintenance of the AAN. 

Description

SCP-3493 is a hypermassive black hole (Crowther Object a61C) with a Maximus 
Integer of over 17kMx. This level of meta-instability causes the anomaly to 
erase meta-information regarding itself within ~3.51s of being perceived by any 
intelligent entity capable of understanding it. Current estimates of the length 
of time for which the object's spatial instability can persist without changing 
form vary between 17 years and 430 years. When the black hole's Overlap Point is 
crossed, the anomaly is theorized to produce one of two possible effects: 

Disappear instantaneously, creating a temporary hypermassive white hole in its 
wake that will cause a fluctuation of meta-information across the temporal 
spectrum towards all intelligences that have previously perceived it, thereby 
returning any and all lost memories regarding it since its initial discovery. 
Increase in size by a factor of ████████, leading to a 
Gimel-Class Mass-Dementia Scenario. 
While the latter possibility poses a great threat to humanity, huvronity, and 
automatonity, the likelihood of the scenario occurring is below the Threat 
Hypothesis Value and therefore, not to be taken into account concerning the 
handling of SCP-3493 containment procedures. 

Addendum - Interstellar Mission (Renegade 4):

On ██13-12-08, contact with UNI-ZERO was lost. This unexpected event was 
also reported by every contactable non-local peer on the Multiversal 
Collaboration Project network. 

2 days before contact was lost, SCP-3493 exhibited a decrease in redshift by a 
factor of 0.000001%. While such alterations are normally considered 
inconsequential in astrophysics, this was the first and so far only time that 
any change in SCP-3493's redshift had been measured. Further inquiry into 
non-local peer documentation reported similar changes in properties of SCP-3493 
at the same time as the recorded redshift alteration in the local universe. 

Following an investigation into this phenomenon, permission to approach SCP-3493 
for further analysis was permitted, under the notion that the disappearance of 
UNI-ZERO may be connected to the anomaly. 

On ██14-04-01, interstellar vehicle "Renegade 4" began an expedition towards 
SCP-3493, with the intention to monitor local anomalies and the effects of close 
exposure to SCP-3493. Estimated time of arrival: ██43-05-12. 


Addendum - Anomalous Event #01:

On ██43-06-18, a signal was detected in the direction of SCP-3493, sent in 
an encrypted SCP102 format, an outdated form of Foundation encryption not used 
since ██21. The decrypted message read as follows: 

who am i

who are

where am i

what is is is'#

The meaning of the message is currently not understood, nor is the nature of its 
creator. Current attempts to respond to SCP-3493's communications are ongoing. 
Following further contact across the Multiversal Collaboration Project network, 
we have since been made aware of an expedition sent by our own iteration of the 
Foundation towards SCP-3493 that was due for arrival on ██43-05-12. External 
Foundation iterations refer to a document on our database titled "Addendum - 
Interstellar Mission (Renegade 4)", however no attempts to read this document 
have thus far proven effective, due to the effect SCP-3493 exerts on the 
information it contains. 

The sudden loss of information regarding it is believed to coincide with the 
arrival of the alleged team at the designated observation point of SCP-3493. It 
is now believed that SCP-3493 exerts its meta-information destroying ability to 
its surrounding area too, giving rise to the theory of a Meta-Event Horizon. Due 
to the danger this now poses to those that may try to interact with it, 
SCP-3493's Threat Level has been raised to Yellow. 


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

71.43%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Connected To:

UNI-7411 (UNKNOWN-04)

WARNING: Source language still subject to translation process. The system will 
attempt to translate known phrases. 


lsdfSdgx prosDnd [3493]

nstmwFDgjsix lwSmdfmSDF

fzoRX0NxWxEE9NLTPxobY1DXKzW4829Qx 
kfnavUvUdBdD2RLNAHE8eHiiy3fsUjNfVXUDKeANpScMVCSrS7lWeoJtQT7KFttICJzRViSwND6k4VJ6KAwF6LlaxX80qvyrR5iaLgMjRfMo5hsuCRcUHn2sFFvVyMaD0w7gzePjxm5pa859YtpnPIKNjl4b72ADs14cJb7FAwiOQL35FcHFjqKjtms72rzDfdD3z9 
[monitored constantly] nyBLllhTvKnlk37bkmsiHu2SqgSFKpJNaCKsI3QRVes 


wKGw8OQ6Q9CuMieQOiC4P38SR8MwvYqTKv93aOdGQXWXmdKQLUxlEsqkpzttZnz4fjyFEbVGXTtGUnuz5q8CHRz4w4Z 
[restrained] 
V1gb9BEwvZq0HNVx1CxtJpBEz3ByHhf9gTrjtEuwHA6QjiMEcEPTvveBBqDXzywskUJYMnUPBsTtrGZrXiPBB01jUV1YlcoiHjkr25x43m1lxs9Lv1M2fyN4wjX7uOdzwo0pO85QEpibjkMF59ng8xJWPdGlBqr0wsOMpPiZHEF07WSoNs 
[?K-Class event] 80cAURGhl9bAzSEfVC8pMOt5to5UdzBLI [expected 3 (months/years)?] 
Lv8fp4QrsH4swSlPAOpIIlWtgWYzHX6jPDjupZYmt67IGb2zpptHiel92ToQ80i5f04Pc0mDI2W 
[plan of evacuation, see document(?) UNI-EVAC/003] 
e05hf9j4wCYZJmruPXhAhx5veeH0fwHv 

nBx [Information:] GTsQQfb3OhyxBmy7hkyNky5YwcGOWduwFf6q [post-hypermassive black 
hole] bAVptiy2Pt5cIC3gq4FyKx1qT9uX3B4biKKkw2muoy0Q1R7r8ztPQs4KD8hfI 

x9QeIiIQESMBg8WFr [acting as an extra-universal anchor for] skkhMHxXK0XcKKhCf 
[referred to as 3493-A] cDc1GK64b2d [most recent UNI-ZERO correspondent briefly 
referred to as "the maw"] 
ZI8hmVlG6JtRjvWgal3kC2gCkNdAtYBlGZiO1BCfgBvm4PqHaizLWzfYqE7Fni1DYlybHdE5QNOmaKD6b47pZetMaq87dcP89DdNEBTg0JBYBKLTV6AXwweeYoiJe90p1lE4xesrg2TlMDcGZyn3SuZjru8LTrKuN712hBTbpd7NJcONBNIkcTiLp7MUP4HVa2ch3Rs3Pl7S7JSzS 

GRHbdeqroNiRWj8N4ouf87279qS6Tj [detected movement in (space/direction)? towards 
current location] 
NOHojtZjIDJjMt9aToKldHhkzMPTKsGCjFvC4r2AqTH9meWBn656DZYdM2H9d5CKo29VVLMbHdl0lQ0Lj1j6ViSuow1zyncUQsyJXjbqd1iFU5perw 
[creating a tear, exposing local space to the extra-universal anomaly 3493-A] 
GfKtTl0zI4QMMhqPxqsbFbZaLgacPhJgZTqNYch1wQMHNUbl1sqJRXK3tpvDFi8bSc7ClCm30IMqJDHyUve1EviRtoETeKdr7wnjsiy8VSOB0aCnI1acsQWlTZhSUmnIQLmAtydnzH3tTFLipEFIPF 
[unstable nature of] 
CindZoC2coc9hapnD549MGqbFk08bllEdN7PF6xnRya6GBiz28FRds36p5J1r24TveA7TG 
[inevitable collision] B4wTd [3493-A] Ur 

DKcMsUb83xlkrgIo79Zkozcz5hz [(a date of some sort)] 
B7eVFgKMfefxeqzOYHFDLrMNdauwn8bcNiNFiMtcRuzr4Ud2JjX1yvbrxja0tksPGnMtoLiCS6hRF7KUrgNAJE99n8QrrCFw8FB2jrgJ 

6I4Pu8tyKhZyH [ending the local] 
Zv1krWAq3I3JUA29JVLV37PXu2KOzpeqocOcSKMg9FCHQ6APoIofCVVvg0Cmkhr2tPy9JkSP1DIsFMnEAkQeF6cBAOYuuvfMeBHajdKLm7giuqJkRCViYw 
[unable to avoid ?K-Class] HRjpxZwXi7YmVBpj 

sko4SDmx [Record:] QH9jHA [(a date of some sort) UNI-ZERO] 
qu8etI0JSDFxDMJ7jRH5Li2yMuPEjA0eqt2dPNW1tunretTGiNQl7N67l1PMO9QlVq7hxnV7lzirZovJGUZlTyH5vet6F7M54y7X4wFbyFEueg 
[discovered] 
dcWERX6iFvAobtj1wf34RewJWBmSeCwznUGmKcUV1rJtkaltCloRZPiz5S6Gvn5DKWzrxR1A9ycBfmauC5D60tjTsg 
[believed to be a warning from UNI-ZERO] 
yfzXXOgXOAT2NZdFX7wW0ceqhrYACebyuQhJDPtu86reneRsDpkE [suggesting attempt to 
neutralize 3493] zZISnL48IROlFdFjQber1wsU [request was denied.] 

qc5ZzBzrkjho [EMERGENCY] qc5ZzBzrkjho [EMERGENCY]
sko4dkreqdx TwiXrt6bIx [initiation of operation UNI-EVAC/003] 
UNOCkiQePEUQ8UyWX1bfD [inter-reality movement (see schematics for I-UNI 
Transportation Device 04196)] 
cZNrA7febxNTKk6bySOkOgd3bcwA4a52fUZmfKzutL1jgDnDrVPpZHl5N9rODY4g39LTAO [dementia 
cases increase] pq6E8JeAW [5.4 billion(?)] H0rR [to be abandoned.] 

XY714RIYh301ESiuOy40rCMUbIJf91zs6K [leave behind] 
iPe3B0srpE9AnGeeY1D7SBR7zTj1MVR3KkX [aid to avoid future events] 
o4U7w2Q0mcbhjNkoHITCH70M1P39ZCGJb3gqhJWLMj2HxPYbELRMJchgAh87G0caAMYlUUafIkwmqtSf707NyOhC47PIufttCwTotljrQWaQfGFm5FC4K3vGMFPLe9TjprOQF323iKOAO6TxdCkyhzOIka5KgMo1fAMbPfXHgjktlKZ9au6YtKm8IJfKKUW3 
[hope to translate to common dialects of foreign realities] YlBPtxhU [before 
3493 spreads] qXYbdGsFyNvWuYhaZNApXGdqXxmO 

ylmUPG4 [do not forget] 
RqDPMUehsNjiiVXIyFCiv6mIXGAdGxpzzdHnF7pYNJX2bcvglAcfydPda 

PuBptSz [may be possible to neutralize 3493] mq1nhQRYh1mBGHsZACyGnlrqaoJ4VI 
[must contact UNI-ZERO.] 


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

85.71%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Connected To:

UNI-ZERO (ORIGIN)


WARNING: ERROR : FAILED TO <MESSAGE>, TRY <SOLUTION>.

Incoming connection request from: [UNI-ZERO]...

Connection accepted.

Downloading data from peer...

ERROR: DOCUMENT CORRUPTED, ATTEMPTING CORRECTION

FORMAT CORRECTION: FAILED

MAIN LOOP CORRECTION: FAILED

CODE SET CORRECTION: SUCCESS

Displaying document (may contain errors), 1 image attached.

This is a final warning across the multiversal network, pleading for the 
immediate termination of SCP-3493. 

I have stepped back from the portrait and see now that SCP-3493 is only a single 
part of a larger picture. Not just our instance but all of them, across the 
multiverse, like individual pixels, on an unimaginably large canvas. While it is 
true that a single instance manifests as a hypermassive black hole, complete 
with the anti-memetic effect this network was designed to counter, it has since 
been discovered, through a less than desirable means, to be far more than what 
we observed on the surface. 

As a part of our own containment procedures, we required at least one person to 
be stationed in a "memetic mirror chamber", a room designed to echo 
meta-information and act as a way of retaining memories of SCP-3493 for a short 
time. Before the Maw appeared, I was the one assigned to the room and as of this 
message, I am still inside that room. 

I am fairly sure my mind will collapse the moment I try to leave, like those 
less fortunate. I can see them all from here, in the streets of the city, down 
there... the people, they don't act like people anymore. I can see them, in 
constant spasm, unable to control their limbs any longer, unable to even process 
their own innate self-awareness. Their mental faculties have diminished to a 
point where I wouldn't even classify them as living anymore, just husks of flesh 
passing scrambled, nonsensical signals across their nervous system. 

On our local date, 2027-08-29, SCP-3493 was, I guess, "understood" to expand. By 
this I mean it was not something we could directly witness, it simply became 
known to all that looked in the direction of SCP-3493, despite a lack of 
observable confirmation. At first, it was believed to be a result of the 
anti-memetic effect being dampened for some unknown reason, causing a huge 
fluctuation of formerly repressed meta-information towards all that observed it, 
but this theory was quickly proven inadequate due to the remaining inability of 
viewers to remember anything about the anomaly. We soon realized that something 
had happened out there, where the anomaly is, something we could not perceive 
yet, simply because the meta-information had traveled fast enough to reach us, 
but the light that accompanied the event was still trailing behind. We did not 
know when it would reach us. 

Two days following the event, people began to lose memories. This had been 
observed before from over exposure of Foundation personnel to viewings of the 
anomaly, but this time it was different. It was not just the Foundation staff, 
not just those who knew of it, not just those that unknowingly observed it, but 
everyone, worldwide, began exhibiting an inability to memorize specific forms of 
information. Names, places, and things they had done that day, the information 
would become scrambled in their mind the moment they tried to recall it. 

Over the following weeks, the effect began to expand: Long-term and short-term 
memories, the ability to perform simple tasks, language, communication, genetic 
memory, and in the cases of younger people, even bodily functions. Anything that 
might require information processing quickly became unable to perform its duty. 

Within a month, half of the global population had regressed into a state whereby 
they were unable to care for themselves adequately. Within two months, 98% of 
the population joined them. Of course, there were a few that remained immune for 
a long time, due to their natural immunity to anti-memetic anomalies, but when 
the weakest of them began to fall prey to the effects too, it became obvious 
that there was no place to hide anymore. We were experiencing the purest form of 
what many of you probably know as a Gimel-Class Mass-Dementia Scenario. 

Our lacking understanding of what the phenomenon truly was, had caused our 
countermeasures against this sudden turn of events to fall flat. On 2027-11-03, 
the Foundation and GOC admitted defeat at the hands of the phenomenon. On 
2027-11-12, a reality evacuation was enacted, and the few hundred mentally sound 
individuals lucky enough to be in contact with the Multiversal Diplomatic 
Department, left our reality for God knows where. 

I sent out pleas for rescue, and each time I would receive messages informing me 
that I would be sent for shortly, so I could join them in the evacuation. And 
each time no rescue arrived, I would send out another request for help, only to 
be told by the same people that I had not sent any messages before it. Not that 
they could remember, anyway. 

So here I am, the last sane person on Earth. Relatively sane, that is. This 
chamber isn't meant to allow permanent retention of memories. It's like a 
greenhouse effect, I guess, it can hold a lot of information inside, but a lot 
of it still escapes through the cracks every so often. I can barely remember who 
I am, for one thing. Older memories seem to be some of the first to go. I can't 
remember where I'm from, how old I am, who my friends are... Sometimes I look 
down into the streets here and wonder if any of them know me, or if I know them. 
Or if they're my family, or if one of them is maybe 

On 2027-12-27, light from the anomaly finally caught up with the 
meta-information it had been chasing, and I got a glimpse of what had been 
happening up there. 

I remember when it happened, it was dark, the stars were out, and I was trying 
to reconnect to the Multiversal network to send a message, just like this one, 
when I saw something circular, growing in the sky. It sounds strange when I type 
it out like this, but it was so dark that even against the night sky it had this 
astoundingly vast level of contrast. Just this deep well of blackness, growing 
quickly, behind the stars themselves, like the wispy colors of deep space were 
being blotted out by an eclipse of epic proportions. 

I was mesmerized, my mind was so attached to this phenomenon that I didn't even 
think to switch on the monitoring equipment, I just sat there, dumbfounded as 
this thing began to consume more and more of the sky. 

Then it stopped, and something else started.

All at once, in one quick sweep, the sky distorted, the sheets of space looked 
as if they were folding up to a point at the center of the black circle. At the 
time, I recall thinking it looked like the sky was a patterned cloth that was 
being pinched in the middle and ripped away, like a magician quickly lifting a 
handkerchief off of a now vanished accessory. 

After the magician had finished their big reveal, they left in place of the star 
covered fabric a sea of dull, flowing colors, quivering slightly, disturbed by 
their own unexpected appearance. At the center of it all, remained that dark 
black circle, the Maw, out of place among the vast colors, an anomaly resting 
within an anomalous sky. 

It seems I got carried away with my assessment of events. I think you need to 
see it for yourself to understand my reaction. I shall try to be more 
informative from now on. 

After the emergence of these new properties, I returned a vast amount of my time 
to analyzing it, an attempt to make sense of the phenomenon so to help fellow 
Foundations that may still be safe from its effects. 

And so I return to my findings and the truth of the matter.

These black holes are not ordinary black holes. Ordinarily, a black hole is 
formed due to an intense gravity build up and subsequent collapse of matter 
inside a universe. What we're left with, is effectively a sinkhole in space, a 
steep drop towards what I now believe to be the outside of the universe. This 
theory, however, comes from my conclusion regarding the nature of these 
hypermassive black holes, which possess the same properties of a regular black 
hole, but with the important difference that they were formed outside of our 
universes. Punctures in the higher dimensional walls of our realities, 
originating from a place beyond the multiverse we share, created by the Maw. 

No... not punctures. More like anchors. Anchors for the Maw, to tether itself to 
our realities and reel us into its vast blackness. 

I'm still not entirely sure what the Maw itself is. It may be alive, or it may 
simply be an extra-universal phenomenon born from the natural progression of a 
nature too vast for us to comprehend. Not the result of a biological evolution, 
but the evolution of physical law itself, in a realm beyond a set law of 
physics, as we are so accustomed to in our own realities. 

Looking back, it is possible the anti-memetic effect may just be a useful 
feature the anchors themselves possess, to stop us from dislodging them until 
it's too late and we're at the edge of the Maw. I don't really know, and I don't 
suppose it matters. All that matters is that the anchors, SCP-3493 are removed, 
so that the thing they tether us to can't drag us further in. 

I am sorry that I can not offer you any more insight. Hopefully, this alone is 
enough to motivate you to take action. 

You know, I actually regret that I can't spend the remaining time I have, that 
my reality has, admiring the beauty of the world beyond our worlds that covers 
the sky here. As the anchor, the arm of the Maw moves closer, even the walls of 
this chamber fail to protect my memory from its effects. I look upon it often 
but when I lose my line-of-sight, I have no memory of it. Simply a lingering 
feeling of having witnessed something truly magnificent. 

Despite this, I can still remember what it looked like the last time it spared 
me my memories. I made sure I would remember it. When it first appeared, I vowed 
to find a way to remember it. Although I can't remember doing it, I know I did, 
I painted this, I must have. There's no one left who could have. A lasting view 
of the Maw and the colors of a misunderstood sky. I hope you like it as much as 
I do. 

Please, destroy the anchor before it gets this far.

[Open Attached Image]


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Database Connection Error: "ERROR 1146 (42S02): Table 'mcpdb.universe_list' 
doesn't exist" 

Attempting to resolve issue...

99%

Please try using the "Random Peer Universe" function until this issue has been 
fixed. 

Alternatively, if you have sufficient clearance, use the Emergency Overseer 
Override. 


Multiversal Collaboration Project Network

Control Panel

Connecting...

Connection Successful.

Multiverse List

UNI-ZERO (ORIGIN) - [CONNECTION LOST]

UNI-1100 (MEDIEVAL)

UNI-2049 (FUTURE)

UNI-2346 (LOCAL)

UNI-2347 (PARALLEL)

UNI-3236 (SALES)

UNI-4321 (M. SUE)

UNI-7411 (UNKNOWN-04)

UNI-86243 (CLASSIC)


