                                    SCP-1128                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                 Aquatic Horror                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-1128 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Written descriptions or imagery of SCP-1128's 
appearance, or videos of the entity "breaching" (see Addendum 1128-3) found 
outside the Foundation are to be destroyed, and class-C amnestics are to be 
administered to anyone exposed to such information or showing signs of SCP-1128 
contamination. A written description of the entity's appearance is to be kept at 
Site-██ for experimental purposes only and is not to be read by anyone other 
than D-class used for testing. If exposed, staff are to report immediately for 
administration of class-C amnestics. Mobile Containment Force Kappa-12 has been 
assigned to intercept and redirect any and all water traffic that passes through 
their designated patrol area by any means necessary (see Addendum 1128-2). 

Description: SCP-1128 is an entity that manifests as a massive aquatic predator 
to anyone given a full description of the being's appearance through either 
spoken/written descriptions or visual depictions of the being. Persons infected 
by SCP-1128 will initially exhibit no abnormal behavior, though some cases show 
a general aversion to activities involving bodily immersion in water such as 
bathing or swimming. Should subject ever be fully immersed in water, they will 
disappear completely under the surface of the water, regardless of the water's 
actual depth. In most cases, subjects will reappear moments later in a panicked 
state and frantically try to leave the water, while in some other cases the 
water will become polluted with blood and debris confirmed to be the remains of 
the subject. Subjects that have reappeared intact claim that they were 
transported to a vast ocean where they are pursued by SCP-1128. Interviews with 
these individuals carries some risk of further SCP-1128 contamination, as 
descriptions of the being's appearance trigger further infections. SCP-1128 
infection can be treated with class-C amnestics, as it appears memory of the 
entity or descriptions of it are required for its anomalous properties to take 
effect. 


Addendum 1128-1: Testing with infected D-class have shown that wireless 
communication devices function normally when used by submerged subjects affected 
by SCP-1128. See Interview 1128-██ for details. 


Addendum 1128-2: Tracking devices affixed to D-class used in SCP-1128 
experiments reveal that submerged subjects are transported to an area within the 
█████ Ocean, not far from the coast of [REDACTED]. Further 
investigation of these coordinates revealed the area to be [DATA EXPUNGED]. 
Mobile Containment Force Kappa-12 ("Sea Devils") has been assigned to keep 
unauthorized seafaring vessels out of this area at all costs. 

Note: That's where we've been sending those D-class? How does a short-range 
wireless communicator get such a clear signal from that far away? -Dr. 
S██████ 


Addendum 1128-3: Tests involving D-1732, who had been used for repeated SCP-1128 
testing without administration of amnestics, was shown to be able to encounter 
the entity in bodies of water normally insufficient for bodily immersion. This 
effect became more drastic over time, with D-1732 developing progressively 
stronger hydrophobic tendencies, claiming to see SCP-1128 from outside almost 
any body of water encountered by the subject. On ██/██/20██, ██ 
days after initial exposure, D-1732 was violently pulled into a glass of water 
by [REDACTED]. No remains were recovered from the incident. Staff witnessing the 
event were found to be infected by SCP-1128, and administered class-C amnestics. 
Containment procedures were then updated to include videos and descriptions of 
this event, and testing involving extended infection of D-class was terminated. 


Experiment Log 1128 

Experiment log 1128-A-1

Date: ██-██-██

Procedure: D-class exposed to SCP-1128 outfitted with diving gear and
communication device, then lowered into tub of water.

Result: See Interview 1128-██


Experiment log 1128-A-2

Date: ██-██-██

Procedure: D-class exposed to SCP-1128 and equipped with SCUBA gear
placed into a standard protective "shark cage" and lowered into water.

Result: No response for approximately █ seconds, then line went taut
and was severed at a point beneath the water. Remains of D-class as
well as jagged steel fragments, presumably remnants of the cage,
surfaced shortly afterward.


Experiment log 1128-A-3

Date: ██-██-██

Procedure: Same as above. Cage treated with SCP-███ to increase durability.

Result: Same as above, no remains surfaced.

Notes: ██ hours later, MCF "Sea Devils" reported finding an intact
shark cage floating beneath surface of patrol area near one of their
vessels. Item was retrieved and confirmed to match description of cage
used in Experiment 1128-A-3. Cage was undamaged but bore traces of
human DNA and feces of indeterminate origin. No further remains of
D-class found.


Experiment log 1128-A-4

Date: ██-██-██

Procedure: Exposed D-class equipped with diving gear and armed with
[REDACTED] for use against "hostile organisms". Unlike previous tests,
subject was also equipped with a live-feed video camera attached to
his helmet.

Result: Video feed shows weapon was ineffective against SCP-1128,
appearing only to enrage the creature rather than harm it considerably
or drive it away. Feed was lost when D-class was devoured. Staff
involved treated with amnestics following transcription of video feed.


Experiment log 1128-A-5

Date: ██-██-██

Procedure: Exposed D-class equipped with protective environment suit
and video feed lowered into a vat of [REDACTED] to test SCP-1128
manifestation in liquids other than water. Substance chosen for its
low density allowing free movement similar to walking in open air.

Result: D-class recovered without incident, liquid did not trigger
SCP-1128's effect.

Note: Ok, so you might be safe from the thing in liquids other than
water, but that probably won't help you much unless you intend to
drink and bathe in exotic chemicals for the rest of your life, which
probably would get a lot shorter if you tried that. -Dr. ████


