                                    SCP-084                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                  Static Tower                                  
                                  ------------                                  

Item #: SCP-084 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-084 is currently under a full 
non-interaction order until the full extent of the emission waves has been 
evaluated (for detailed documentation on general FNI orders, see Document 
XRG-1182; for detailed documentation on FNI orders in relation to SCP-084, see 
Document XRG-1208A). A continuous surveillance watch is to be maintained around 
the active area of SCP-084, with the primary objective of civilian misdirection 
and external surveillance. With no major roads, trails, or other travel routes 
nearby, any civilians encountered approaching SCP-084 are to be deemed suspect 
and detained for evaluation. Under no circumstances are any Foundation or 
civilian personnel allowed in to the active area of SCP-084, except with express 
vocal and written permission of no fewer than two (2) members of O5 Command. 

Sentries are to maintain their posted position with line-of-sight contact checks 
on fellow sentries, in conjunction with compass and landmark checking. All 
reference points should be well outside the active area of SCP-084. Should any 
sentry fail to report in via vocal roll-call, full recall orders will be issued 
to all sentries, and containment will be re-evaluated by Special Response teams. 
In the event of active area fluctuation, full recall orders are to be assumed by 
all active sentries, followed by appropriate action. 

No form of radio, GPS, television, cell phone, video camera, still-picture 
camera, or any other recording or electronic media devices are permitted within 
one hundred (100) meters of the active area around SCP-084. Civilians found with 
such devices within this area are to have said devices confiscated and destroyed 
immediately. Any recordings collected [DATA EXPUNGED]. 

Description: SCP-084 appears to be a large radio tower positioned in the center 
of a large, open field with two small outbuildings. Direct observation and 
sample collection from SCP-084 is impossible, due to the effect that is emitted 
around/from SCP-084. SCP-084 appears to emit a form of wave or radiation that 
has a detrimental effect on local space-time/reality. The most pronounced aspect 
of this is the alteration of local space within the active area of SCP-084. 
Externally, the active area forms a rough “dome” shape of two hundred (200) 
meters in diameter. SCP-084 appears inside this area at random points, appearing 
to “jump” at random times, sometimes even appearing in multiple locations at 
once inside the active area. Internally, the space appears to be unlimited, with 
SCP-084 at the “center”. 

SCP-084 is impossible to reach due to the “emitted effect”. Attempts to 
approach SCP-084 within the active area have returned the observation that 
SCP-084 retains its relative position on the horizon, even after three months 
and twelve days of dedicated, direct travel both by vehicle and on foot. 
Termination tests have proved impossible, as no means of destruction are capable 
of physically reaching SCP-084, even when entered from outside the active area. 
Local space will also distort periodically. This will cause relative distances 
to randomly extend or contract in a “flicker”, causing buildings or objects 
to suddenly “jump” thousands of meters away, or “rush up” to other 
points, sometimes even causing “overlaps”. These “overlaps” have a 
markedly detrimental effect on living tissue. 

The town of ██████████ █████ is assumed to have 
been situated in or around the original manifestation of the active area. This 
town is no longer observable from outside the active area, appearing only once 
inside the active area. ██████████ █████ has 
maintained the same population (343 humans) for the duration of its 
encapsulation. Births appear to be impossible, along with normal aging patterns. 
Suicide and/or homicide appear to be circumvented by the area of effect, with 
dead subjects “flickering” and appearing alive and unharmed several seconds 
after death. There are also reports of events “rewinding”, causing things 
like mortal wounds to visibly “freeze” and close. Subjects appear to exhibit 
many events of inconsistent space-time, as do most structures (for detailed 
observations, see Log 084-A4). 

Electronic devices and recording equipment do not function correctly in or 
around the active area. Subjects report “bizarre” or “unsettling” 
transmissions from video and audio recording and playback devices. This acts to 
totally isolate ██████████ █████ from the outside 
world, precluding any need for Foundation-enacted containment. It also appears 
impossible to leave the active area after a random period of time. One subject 
from ██████████ █████, found on the grass plane 
(see Log 084-A4), reported he had been traveling for six years. He was found 
approximately four hundred meters from ██████████ 
█████ city limits. 


Log 084-A4: Record of observed anomalous events relating to SCP-084 

Detailed observation made of the “grass plane” making up the majority
of the active area.  The plane appears to be made of one ten (10)
meter by ten (10) meter section of grass, repeated endlessly to make
up the plane.  Sections appear to be randomly “rotated” as they are
formed, causing sections of grass and small ground variations to line
up incorrectly.

Few non-human organisms appear to exist within the active area.  Those
outside the active area avoid it, and appear to “vanish” shortly after
entering.  Animals observed inside the active area appear normal, but
behave strangely.  Shuddering movements, sudden “shivering”,
repetitive “loops” and other abnormal actions appear to indicate these
may not be actual animals.  Most animals appear to “flicker” and
vanish after 3-4 hours.

Vocal communication is difficult within the active area.  Vocal
communication appears normal within five meters of the speaking
subject, with reports of a slightly “muffled” quality reported
commonly.  Outside of five meters, subjects appear to be speaking from
a great distance with a great deal of echoing.  Reports of speech
being heard several seconds after the subject has stopped speaking,
and speech occurring with no subjects speaking are also not uncommon.

Detailed observation of the “radio tower” is impossible due to the
inability to physically reach it, and the effect of the “broadcast” on
most observational equipment.  Basic telescope or binoculars systems
show the tower to be “hazy” and “static-fogged”, while more advanced
equipment is subject to the “anomalous broadcast” effect.

Weather patterns, as well as basic day/night cycles, appear to be
totally random.  Overhead sky will randomly cycle between day, night,
clear, and other weather patterns.  Relative sun and cloud position
appear random as well, with frequent “flickering” and “blurring”
between different states.

Physical alteration or damage to anything within the active area is
impossible.  Actions such as digging, demolition, and new
constructions will suddenly “blur” and be “reset” to their previous
unaltered state at random points.  Subjects inside a “reset”
structure, such as inside a hole, will become instantly trapped and
“fused”.

Humans in the active area around SCP-084  exhibit some of the more
striking and easily observed reality distortion effects.  These
include:

Sudden “blurring” of limbs or head, appearing to suddenly gyrate at
violently high speed for several seconds before ending.  Subjects
experience no pain, and are often unaware of this phenomenon.

“Looping”, typically manifested as the repeating of eight (8) to
twenty (20) seconds of time. Subjects will go through an action
(example: exiting a doorway, picking up an article of clothing), then
suddenly “freeze” and “flicker”, then return to the original starting
position of the “loop” and repeat the action, even if this involves a
sudden “teleportation” of significant distance.  Rarely, subjects
appear to become caught in a permanent loop.

Observation and interrogation of subjects in ██████████ █████ show
that basic human needs, such as food, water, and sleep are no longer
required after prolonged exposure to the active area.  Some subjects
report not having eaten or drank for (they believe) five (5) years.
One elderly subject also reports having made two thousand, one hundred
and ten (2,110) unsuccessful suicide attempts.

Subjects will sometimes be able to pass through solid matter without
incident.  These periods appear to last for random periods of time,
and begin and end without warning.  Subjects “inside” solid matter
when the period ends will become trapped or “fused” until the period
resumes.  One subject reports being trapped below the waist in a wall
for two (2) years.

Extreme psychological distress is observed after long-term exposure.
The transmissions [DATA EXPUNGED] barrier, which is compromised over
long-term exposure.  Subjects in advanced “reception” states typically
“reset” after several months.

Recorded transmissions show a slight [DATA EXPUNGED] cycles overall.
Attempting to catalog and record these broadcasts has therefore been
remanded to autonomous systems, to preclude any additional loss of
Foundation personnel.


