                                    SCP-245                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                    SCP-RPG                                     
                                    -------                                     

Item #: SCP-245 

Object Class: Safe 

Special Containment Procedures: Copies of SCP-245-1 are to be contained on 
airgapped computers. These computers are to be located on floor 10, section C of 
Site-88. Individual iterations of SCP-245-1 are to be monitored and completed on 
a regular basis to ensure continued containment. 

Major changes to SCP-245-1's gameworld are to be reported to SCP-245's project 
head. Under no circumstances should SCP-245-1's master password be revealed to 
any entities encountered in SCP-245-1. 

Description: Please see SCP-245-1.zip for information relating to SCP-245. 

Notice: SCP-245-1 will only run on a system utilizing OSCP or the Windows 
operating system. 

Warning. This file may only be accessed by authorized personnel.

File Information for SCP-RPG: "The Lone and Level Sands"

File Name: SCP-245-1.zip

File Size: <50 mb

Master Password: largecosmiclouse

Basic Plot

Originally loaded sample map utilized in SCP-245-1's creation. Any
modifications to this map are to be reported to the SCP-245 project
head.

SCP-245-1 is simplistic, owing to the constraints of time and
resources for the SCP-245 project. The storyline follows a young
protagonist who is inspired to take up the sword and shield of his
grandmother to protect his town from attacks by sand golems. Upon
conclusion of this quest, the protagonist will be required to go on a
quest to recover the daughter of the king who has gone missing.

This quest involves several side quests which must be completed to
find the bandit camp, and the bandit captain who is believed to have
abducted princess. Bandit antagonist is a decoy, as the princess left
with him willingly. Primary antagonist (Ozymandius) then arrives and
thanks the protagonist for furthering his goals through the completion
of the side quests.

King directs protagonist to a pyramid where a final confrontation with
the antagonist occurs. Antagonist completes a ritual at the last
moment and the protagonist must battle antagonist. Once this battle is
completed, the credits run. Following the credits a full description
of SCP-245 will be displayed.


