                                   SCP-4456-D                                    
                                   ==========                                    

                    No One Expects The Spanish Decommission!                    
                    ----------------------------------------                    


Item #: SCP-4456-D 

Object Class: Decommissioned 

Level 1

Special Containment Procedures (Archived): SCP-4456 is contained in a
Size 4 Anomalous Aquatic Vehicle Storage Unit (S4-AAVSU) in Site-45.
After every reproduction incident, the new SCP-4456 instance is to be
provided with 2,500 pounds of pure silver.

Description (Archived): SCP-4456 is an unmanned 16th-century Spanish
galleon named "Soy Mi Amante"1. In terms of appearance, SCP-4456 is no
different from ships of her model during the 1500s.

Every four to six days, an exact copy of SCP-4456 is generated in the
nearest area of water that can hold her. If the new SCP-4456 instance
is ever provided with approximately $519,0002 in gold, silver, or
gemstones, she will instantly disappear.

If an SCP-4456 instance is not supplied with sufficient resources
within twenty-four hours of manifestation, she will animate and become
hostile, attempting to breach containment via ramming and on-board
cannons.


Addendum 4456.1: During investigation into SCP-4456's origins,
Foundation researchers discovered the following document, dating to
circa 1500 C.E.:


- Document 4456-A

Note: The following document has been translated from Spanish.

My Queen,

I am filled with grief to report that the Soy Mi Amante has been
struck down by unknown forces. She and her crew will be remembered as
the mighty bread basket of our holy kingdom.

However, I must express my concern towards its former nature. Her
valiant crew would not speak of where they obtained their bounty, we
only know that it carried much of it on its returns. I fear that her
destruction may be the harbinger of some great and unknown force,
which has tarried too long in its acceptance of our thievery. Perhaps
even mightier forces are at play here, for it seems that no mortal
entity could reduce such a mighty vessel as the Soy Mi Amante to mere
ash in moments.

May we pray that God has not taken wrath upon us, and that we continue
to prosper under His grace.

Your humble servant, Dante.


Addendum 4456.2: To determine where items placed on board SCP-4456
would go, ten silver coins, designed as exact copies were created and
installed with microtrackers placed within each coin. After the coins
had been placed aboard an SCP-4456 instance, the tracking receiver was
activated, and immediately detected all Foundation coins in the Museo
Nacional del Prado. Investigation revealed that the Museum had carried
the coins since 1827.

Further research by the Anomalous Chronology Department found that
every time a new SCP-4456 instance is provided with sufficient
resources to disappear, the Spanish government's wealth would be
retroactively increased by the value of the resources placed aboard
the instance. While the exact repercussions of Foundation actions are
inconclusive, it is widely speculated that the Foundation may have
been at least partially responsible for Spain's Price Revolution3.

Due to the large amount of money lost to SCP-4456, as well as the
potential violation of laws outlined in the FIR Convention4, SCP-4456
is proposed for Decommissioning5.

The following proposal was submitted to the newly created
Decommissioning Department:

- Decom. Proposal 4456

SCP Object Decommissioning Proposal Form

Item #: SCP-4456

Object Class: Keter

Head Researcher: Dr. C. Bold

Supporting Personnel*:

Dr. D. Eon - Representing Anomalous Chronology Dept.

A. Ferril - Representing Foundation Treasury and Finances Dept.

Dr. R. Raegis - Representing Foundation Legal Dept.


Please check off or fill in the applicable boxes regarding the reasons
for submitting your proposal:

☑ Excessively High Risk of Lifted Veil Scenario

☐ Excessive Danger

☐ Ability to Decom. Apollyon-Class Object

☑ Expense

☐ Ethical Concerns Over Necessary Containment

☑ Legal Concerns

☐ High Risk of K-Class Scenario (if so, please state which type(s):____)

☑ Other (please state): Temporal phenomena caused by causality
paradox, with unknown and most likely undesirable effects. - Dr. D.
Eon


Summary: The sheer cost of containing SCP-4456, combined with the
legal ramifications of doing so, lends continued containment
inordinately expensive and inefficient. Additionally, failure to
contain the object may result in exponential duplication on her part,
quickly becoming unmanageable and eventually noticeable. Finally, we
already know that SCP-4456 will be destroyed eventually, according to
Document 4456-A, and that if it is not destroyed, it may result in
some form of causality paradox. - Dr. C. Bold

*Must be of level 3 clearance or higher.

Addendum 4456.3: SCP-4456 was approved for Decommissioning. The
Decommissioning consisted of SCP-4456 being incinerated completely;
any remains in the form of ash or char spontaneously disappeared.
Decommissioning of SCP-4456-D was officially declared a success.



Footnotes 

1. I am my lover. 

2. Roughly 2,500 pounds of silver. 

3. An economic recession during the 16th and 17th centuries, theorized to have 
been caused by the importation of silver from the Americas. 

4. Foundation International Relations Convention; carries guidelines for the 
Foundation's interactions with sovereign nations, including, in most cases, 
outlawing donations to other nations unrelated to anomalous containment. 

5. The Decommissioned class has not been used for several years, due to the 
Foundation's focus on containing rather than destroying anomalies. This changed 
with the creation of the Decommissioning Department, directed by Dr. C. Bold, an 
organized department created for the purpose of intentionally destroying objects 
deemed too difficult to contain. Note that the Decommissioned class is separate 
from the Neutralized class, which refers to objects that are destroyed or 
deanomalized unintentionally or without prior approval from the Decom. Dept. 


