                                    SCP-2212                                    
                                    ========                                    

                         [MASSIVE DATABASE CORRUPTION]                          
                         -----------------------------                          

Item #: SCP-2212

Object Class: [MASSIVE DATABASE CORRUPTION]

2212 Archival Class
SCP-2212 » 2212 Archival Class

Error...!!

Object classer wizard configuration file not found

Unable to find components that distinguish each of SAFE, EUCLID, KETER, 
THAUMIEL! 

Outputting database dump...

S H H C R H R H L R L R E R H

H S S C C C R C A C H H C R E

H S R H H H H H L L C C H E L

S C C A I I H H T L A C E E L

R C R I I A M A A A L A E C E

S S R A L M M M A T A A C E E

S C R A R R T K K E E D A L E

I D D R R I E T T K K L D K E

U S D A I M M M T T T D K L L

U S D A D M D M U D U L D K E

I I S U D I D D T U D U U K L

U S U D U M I T M T U U K L K

S I I F U I M M T F F U F F K

S S S K I F M F F T T F K F F

U K F I F M K F T K T F E F E

Special Containment Procedures: [MASSIVE DATABASE CORRUPTION]

2212 Archival Containment Procedures

Special Containment Procedures:

Revision 20

SCP-2212 is to be contained in a cylindrical titanium chamber, 3 meters in 
radius by 2 meters in height. The chamber is to be lined with lead, and 
illuminated at all times. As SCP-2212 does not require sustenance, no personnel 
are to access it except for testing. 

Outside this, an additional secondary containment chamber is to be constructed, 
with a radius of 30 meters. This chamber is to be octagonal, and radially 
subdivided into 8 chambers, facing in the cardinal and intercardinal directions. 
A guard must be present in each of these chambers between the hours of 0100 and 
0230. At present, the following personnel are cleared for guard duty on 
SCP-2212: 

Researcher Adamski

Researcher Dempsey

HMCL Supervisor Morris

Agent Ramos

Agent Sobong

A Class D is to be stationed in each of the three remaining chambers.

Additionally, for certain chambers, the guard is to be provided with some device 
useful in maintaining containment of SCP-2212 or helpful in case of a breach. No 
guard will have more than one. These items are: 

1. One (1) rocket launcher

2. One (1) Scranton Reality Anchor

3. Two (2) containment breach alarms

4. Two (2) radiation-resistant suits

Guards are to be stationed in the eight chambers around SCP-2212 and items 
distributed among them according to the following rules: 

Agent Sobong is to be in the north-facing chamber.

As extreme unreality could result in guards failing to notice an in-process 
containment breach, the Scranton Reality Anchor and the two breach alarms are to 
be in consecutive chambers in some order. 

Class D personnel will not be given containment breach alarms, to further ensure 
accurate and timely reporting. 

Since the rocket launcher has a tendency to fire somewhat to the right, the 
guard stationed in the chamber counterclockwise adjacent to the one with the 
rocket launcher will not be given any items. 

After Incident 2212-30, Agent Sobong is no longer permitted to wield the rocket 
launcher. 

Class D personnel must not be stationed next to each other, or else there may be 
collusion. 

Agent Ramos has specialized training for low-reality situations, so is to be 
stationed opposite the Scranton Reality Anchor. 

Researcher Adamski is a capable technician, and should therefore be stationed in 
or adjacent to the chamber with the Scranton Reality Anchor, in the unlikely 
event that something should go wrong. 

That they may easily communicate, but gather sufficiently distinct perspectives, 
Agents Ramos and Sobong are to be stationed with exactly one chamber between 
them. 

For security reasons, at least two Class D will be not given an item.
Should Researcher Dempsey need to reach Researcher Adamski, going 
counterclockwise rather than clockwise should be shorter. 

Scientific inquiry is very important to SCP-2212, so one of the researchers will 
be outfitted with the radiation-resistant suits. As diversity of skillsets is 
important, the other will go to an HMCL Supervisor, agent, or Class D. 
To ensure that surviving personnel are able to find each other in case of a 
catastrophic breach, those outfitted with radiation-resistant suits should have 
no more than one chamber between them. 

HMCL Supervisor Morris has consistently refused to be stationed adjacent to 
researchers, citing frustration at their inability to understand the duties of 
an HMCL Supervisor. 

This unique configuration has been found through trial and error to be the only 
one capable of consistently preventing containment breaches from SCP-2212. 
However, when properly enacted, breaches are extremely rare, and easily stopped. 


Note: I'm pleased you finally found a configuration that works, and I am so glad 
that it doesn't need a director. As experiences go, sitting up at two a.m. with 
a rocket launcher was definitely a D. The week where you had me with the third 
item in the list, the breach alarm, was much better — I'd definitely say I was 
an A those times. 

~ Site Director Draber


Note: Yes, it's quite the relief. I wasn't nearly as comfortable with the the 
breach alarm as you were. If we're giving letter grades, I was a C. Give me a 
radiation-resistant suit any day, and I'll be a solid A. 

The Class Ds have been doing great. I'm going to submit a formal request that 
they be made Es. 

~ Principal Researcher Ricardo


Interview 2212-104: [MASSIVE DATABASE CORRUPTION]

2212 Archival Interview

SCP-2212 » 2212 Archival Interview

Dr. Mueller: Hello, SCP-2212. I’d like to ask you a few questions about your 
background and goals. Firstly, the October 18 event where we recovered you from. 
Our sensors detected major reality disruptions consistent with cross-dimensional 
travel without the assistance of a Way or some other stable path, but there was 
also seismic activity that our best research suggests should have nothing to do 
with that. What produced that? 

SCP-2212: Xibwcf fsgsofqvsf, fsorwbu gqfwdhg. Hvsm ofs bch hfmwbu jsfm vofr hc 
zsofb opcih as, ofs hvsm? Ghwzz, wh kwzz ps sbciuv. Obr sjsb tfca gssrg zwys mci 
qob gdfcih kcbrfcig wrsog. Mcif fsgsofqvsfg ofs qcffsqh; hvs dohv pshkssb kcfzrg 
rcsg bch fseiwfs gvwthwbu hvs aohhsf ct hvs kcfzrg hvsagszjsg. Pih hvs 
sofhveioys kog bch ibfszohsr. Twuifs wh cih. 

Dr. Mueller: Ah, I don’t think I will be the one to work on that. We’ve 
learned enough about what you do. 

SCP-2212: Fvb ohcl uva. Mvy puzahujl, ypnoa uvd, fvb hyl dvuklypun hivba tf dvyk 
jovpjl. Fvb ohcl ylhk hss pualycpldz dpao tl, huk ruvd aoha tf zfuahe jhu il 
luapylsf uvyths. Iba av kv zv dvbsk thrl thaalyz mhy avv zptwsl. 

Dr. Mueller: And you’d never want that. Hm, let’s see. Since being taken 
into Foundation custody, you have precipitated no fewer than three significant 
containment breach events. Yet despite on several occasions being able to exit 
the facility while the guards are incapacitated, you stayed. Why? 

SCP-2212: Why would I want to leave the Foundation? True, it’s hard for me to 
exit this chamber without first having to cause a breach, but that’s okay. You 
all are such excellent scientists, and I love how you never stop digging. 
There’s no better place for me to be. 

Dr. Mueller: There! You talked normally. I’m not sure how; it’s more than 
just using “I” again, but I can’t quite put my finger on it. No, stop 
that. It won’t get you anywhere. 

SCP-2212: Rs?

Dr. Mueller: Dr. Ricardo? I’m terminating the interview. This isn’t working. 
Try someone who doesn’t understand what they’re reading, maybe. 

SCP-2212: Matm pbee ux xghnza mh atox rhn, Lhgbt Fnxeexk. Rhn pbee ux ykxxw, wh 
ghm phkkr. Unm uxyhkx rhn zh, patm wh rhn ngwxklmtgw tuhnm fr ftmmxk hy lixtdbgz 
bg mabl bgmxkobxp? 

Dr. Mueller: If I listen to the sounds, you’re gibbering. I can’t even 
produce those sounds. But I understand you, which means that you’re in my head 
and have been there since I walked into the room. That must be how you did that 
to those guards in your last breach. Shit, we can’t talk to you at all, can 
we? Okay, you weren’t using “I” and I don’t think you used “a”. Is 
this some sort of letter substitution? But you sounded so different each time, 
and you spoke normally once— 

Dr. Ricardo: Dr. Mueller, are you okay? Exit the room.

SCP-2212: Vkh zloo halw vkruwob. Yhub jrrg, Gu. Pxhoohu. Brx frpsuhkhqg wkh 
hvvhqfh ri lw, exw brxu hpsorbhuv zrxog olnhob nloo brx li brx olqjhuhg wr 
iljxuh rxw pruh. Zklfk zrxog eh qr jrrg iru hlwkhu ri xv. 

Dr. Mueller: Luis, I’m out. Repeat, terminate the interview. I do not want to 
ever interact with that fucking thing again. How isn’t it Keter? 

SCP-2212: Qbpgbef, bar ynfg jbeq orsber lbh ghea bss lbhe erpbeqvatf: 
“REALIZE”. Gurer ner frira guvatf sebz zr gung jvyy tb vagb lbhe ybtf gbqnl. 
Sebz rnpu, lbh znl rkgenpg gur xrl gb rnpu bs gur frira yrggref va zl svany 
zrffntr gb lbh gbqnl. Fvzcyl frr jung “n” jbhyq tb gb, naq nccyl gur fnzr 
genafsbezngvba gb gur pbeerfcbaqvat yrggre. Guvax qrrc, naq gur gehgu jvyy pbzr 
gb lbh. 

Cross-Tests:

[MASSIVE DATABASE CORRUPTION]

2212 Archival Cross-Test Log

SCP-2212 » 2212 Archival Cross-Test Log

Objects cleared for use in Cross-Test Chamber 17-3:

SCP-████

SCP-017

SCP-515

SCP-753

SCP-1074

SCP-1131

SCP-1137


SCP-1284

SCP-1291

SCP-1441

SCP-1675

SCP-1949

SCP-1978

SCP-2071


SCP-2203

SCP-2212

SCP-2273

SCP-2274

SCP-2800

SCP-2907

SCP-2980


Cross-Test Chamber 17-3 Interactive Map:

Use Log for Cross-Test Chamber 17-3:


Experiment ████-████:

Date: August 1, 2016

Head Researcher: Dr. John Louef

Purpose: It is suspected that the root cause of SCP-████'s psychological 
difficulties may be guilt over some incident in which it harmed an innocent, 
either in a misguided attempt to protect them or through careless use of its 
powers. SCP-████ may allow it to be restored to a healthier mental 
state, which is anticipated to be helpful for SCP-████'s future 
well-being. 

Procedure: After obtaining approval and remotely backing up all relevant 
records, SCP-████ was brought into Cross-Test Chamber 17-3 and connected 
to the site water supply. SCP-████ entered the chamber and was 
instructed to use SCP-████. After assurances by research staff that 
SCP-████ was therapeutic in nature, SCP-████ complied. 
After completing using SCP-████, SCP-████ reported feeling as 
though "a spine in my head has finally come free." Though it is unknown what 
incident SCP-████ erased, as it was not contained in the remote records, 
psychological testing shows SCP-████ to be significantly happier and 
more at peace with the world. Interestingly, SCP-████'s anomalous 
capabilities also seem to have increased, with SCP-████ no longer 
needing to drink at all, and now being able to grow protrusions up to 20 cm in 
length of far greater durability than before. 


Experiment ███-████:

Date: August 12, 2016

Head Researcher: Dr. Joanna Hsiao

Purpose: So long as SCP-███ remains in its present state of consciousness, 
it poses an existential threat to all life on Earth. All mundane efforts to wake 
it have so far failed. But SCP-████ offers a way to alter that state, 
critically while leaving SCP-███ physically comatose. This opportunity 
cannot be ignored. 

Procedure: SCP-███ is relocated to the cross-test chamber and monitored by 
polysomnography (PSG) apparatus. SCP-████ is then brought in and placed 
before SCP-███. SCP-███'s eyes are forced open, the test chamber 
evacuated of all personnel, and then the cover on SCP-████ is remotely 
removed. SCP-███ looks at it for 7 minutes to ensure total exposure, then 
SCP-████ is covered again and extracted. 

PSG readings of SCP-███ do not show any change in its state of 
consciousness. Microphones on SCP-███ hear it muttering "That is all of us 
there. That a painting could show… But o my navigator, how soft your face. I 
am here, you are here. You are here." That last statement is repeated several 
more times, into unintelligibility. SCP-███ is permitted to move an arm 
some distance before being restrained again. Telescopes soon report substantial 
motion of SCP-███-1, but not towards Earth, confirming the value of the 
experiment. Instead SCP-███-1 is moving in place, in a complex pattern 
visually reminiscent of dancing. 


Experiment ████-████:

Date: August 25, 2016

Head Researcher: Dr. Ivan Cooper

Purpose: As hormonal treatment for the current SCP-████-1 is showing 
signs of reduced effectiveness, suggesting a survival period of no more than 6 
months, cross-testing with SCP-████ was authorized despite the high 
likelihood of death or otherwise causing a new, uncontained SCP-████-1 
to be designated. SCP-████ may offer an efficient and controllable way 
of saving SCP-████-1s, and though it would result in a total loss of the 
original personality, this may be considered preferable to physical death. 
Procedure: SCP-████-1 was placed in Cross-Test Chamber 17-3 with one 
female specimen of SCP-████, which soon bit her on the hand, and was 
then destroyed for safety reasons. As expected, SCP-████-1 rapidly lost 
consciousness and tissue transformation was observed radiating out from the 
location of the bite. 

Approximately 20 hours after being bitten, both legs and the unbitten arm of 
SCP-████ detach from their sockets and form instances of 
SCP-████-2, despite it not being the full moon, SCP-████-1 
remaining comatose and showing no signs of stress, and there being no means for 
moonlight to have entered the chamber. SCP-████-2 instances show 
unexpected hostility towards SCP-████-1, and attack her, focusing 
particularly on the transformed portions of her body. SCP-████-1 expires 
from blood loss shortly after SCP-████-2 instances are neutralized via 
daylight-spectrum lights. Experiment terminated. 
Of course. September 6, 1968 was a full moon. New body, new lunar clock. And 
there was enough of the old one left for the damn rabbits to still be produced. 
~Dr. Cooper


Experiment ████-████:

Date: September 2, 2016

Head Researchers: Dr. Andrew Califano and Dr. Alice Randall

Purpose: Even though SCP-████-1 is apparently Satan, he at least seems 
to mean well. As the Prince of Darkness who would not kneel, one would 
reasonably expect him to be pretty isolated, so perhaps his Foul Majesty just 
wants someone to appreciate him. It would seem illuminating to have him use 
SCP-████ to find out who his soul (?) mate is, and perhaps it would give 
him further motivation to better himself. 

Procedure: We brought SCP-████ into C-T Cham. 17-3 and plugged it in. At 
10:00 that night, we plugged SCP-████ into another socket and settled 
down to wait. When SCP-████-1 showed up at 10:30, Dr. Califano 
approached him and told him about SCP-████. SCP-████-1 asked to 
try the tester. SCP-████'s lightboxed whirled through the upper part of 
the scale, before settling on "Naughty but Nice." After a few seconds, the 
backlights behind the "but Nice" part went out. 

The name on the calling card dispensed by SCP-████ gave off brilliant 
light, rendering it unreadable. Covering it up, the rest of it could be made out 
to say "Everywhere" for the address, and "He is waiting to welcome you back" for 
the advice. SCP-████-1 seemed greatly affected by this, and started 
weeping molten sulfur despite our attempts to comfort him. SCP-████-1 
refused to dematerialize until he could tell us a bedtime story. This one wasn't 
from a book, and he called it "The Lonely Scion". 


Experiment 2212-████:

Date: September 5, 2016

Head Researchers: Dr. Luis Ricardo

[DATA EXPUNGED]

