                                    SCP-2585                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                Savage Mountain                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-2585 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Due to the infrequency of human contact with 
SCP-2585, containment for the phenomenon is largely self-imposed. The Foundation 
will operate through various front agencies to minimize climbing attempts of K2 
during periods of SCP-2585 activity, and all deaths attributed to it are to be 
declared a result of avalanche or weather conditions. Terrestrial and satellite 
observation of K2 is to be maintained continuously. As the nature of SCP-2585 
remains unclear, containment procedures are to be considered tentative, however, 
due to the largely static behavior of the phenomenon, modification of said 
procedures in the foreseeable future is unlikely. 

REVISION: ██/██/1991: Due to the results of Exploration C, and the 
shortage of Foundation personnel with the appropriate mountaineering experience, 
active explorations of K2 during periods of SCP-2585 activity are presently 
suspended. 

REVISION ██/██/1995: During each detected SCP-2585 manifestation, one 
(1) Mummery-Class drone operated by a Level-2 engineer at Outpost-2585 is to 
ascend the mountain and confirm the presence of SCP-2585-1. In the event that 
SCP-2585-1 is not detected within 48 hours of the drone clearing the 7000m mark, 
or SCP-2585-1 is confirmed as neutralized, one (1) D-Class personnel will be 
allotted to Outpost-2585 and Contingency-Mīrāth will be executed (Level 2 or 
higher personnel may see Document-2585-Mīrāth for details). 

Description: SCP-2585 is a cloud known to manifest in the vicinity of K2 in 
Pakistan. The cloud, upon appearing, will enshroud K2 entirely, obscuring the 
mountain's surface. SCP-2585 does not visibly differ from normal cloud cover, 
but is detectable by the spontaneity of its onset and the unusually high 
atmospheric pressure within it. Regions affected by SCP-2585 experience volatile 
meteorological and topographical disturbances, none of which are observable from 
outside the cloud cover. SCP-2585 manifestations may occur at any time, and 
there is no determined pattern to these occurrences. 

SCP-2585-1 is a humanoid entity which, to date, has been encountered by all 
individuals who attempt to climb K2 during SCP-2585 manifestations. The entity 
is equipped with an Apollo/Skylab A7L spacesuit, which entirely conceals their 
characteristics, and is roughly 2 meters in height. When encountered, SCP-2585-1 
has been observed to travel the surface of K2 on foot as well as levitate via 
unknown means. The entity has never communicated verbally, but may have 
attempted to do so through body language (see exploration logs). The motivations 
of SCP-2585-1 are unclear; presently it is not even known whether the entity is 
sentient. SCP-2585-1 has never been observed except by individuals inside 
SCP-2585's cloud cover, and has only been encountered at altitudes above 7km. 

SCP-2585 was discovered by the Foundation in 1984, thirty years after the first 
successful ascent of K2. Since its discovery, SCP-2585 is believed to be 
responsible for at least ██ of the known 80 deaths on the mountain. During 
that time, a number of disappearances have been reported in the region of 
Karakoram surrounding K2. These disappearances total at ██ civilians and █ 
aircraft, and have all occurred during periods of SCP-2585 activity. While no 
direct link to SCP-2585 has been determined, the incidents have been covered up 
to avoid drawing attention to the anomaly. 

Three explorations of K2 have been conducted by Foundation operatives during 
SCP-2585 manifestations. Due to the conditions inherent to SCP-2585, low 
visibility on the mountain is a consistent hindrance. For full information on 
these explorations, please see below. 


Clearance 2585/2 

SCP-2585 Exploration Log A

Exploration A

██/██/1984

Due to the nature of the exploration and requirement for
mountaineering prowess, D-Class personnel could not be utilized. A
team of three Foundation personnel (identified as "A", "G", and "T")
trained in advanced mountaineering was assembled for this mission. To
minimize the risk of fall and allow for expedited descent, the team
was allotted access to a prototype harness system developed from
technologies [REDACTED]. In addition to their climbing equipment and
bottled oxygen, the team members were also outfitted with a radio link
to Outpost-2585 at Base Camp, a shoulder-mounted video/audio recording
device, and three Beretta Series 81 pistols. The climbers were
instructed to ascend the southeast ridge or "Abruzzi Spur."

[Sections of the climb prior to Camp C (altitude 7300 meters) are
uneventful and have been omitted for brevity.]

A: Base, are you reading me?

Base: Roger, A. Status?

A: We're going to depart from Camp C shortly and continue up the
shoulder. No abnormalities thus far.

Base: Roger that, A. How's the team?

A: G's a bit under the weather…or, well, over it, I guess. Just
altitude issues. We're going to let him get composed. No problems with
me or T.

Base: Noted. Please report in with any significant developments; we'll
maintain silence until then.

A: Roger, Base. Out.

Eight minutes of silence.

A: Base, come in.

Base: We're reading you, A, what's the situation?

A: G's losing it, Base. He's huddled up, rambling that he wants to go
home. We can't rouse him and he's stark white. I don't think he's
going to make it.

Base: Have you noticed any abnormal activity, other than G's episode?

A: No.

A pauses.

A: Do you want us to go ahead with Protocol R-0?

Base: …Affirmative, A. Give G's camcorder to T.

A: Roger.

A brief pause, ninety seconds.

A: Right, we're ready to continue our ascent. G's still out of it;
he's still moving, but he's not talking.

Base: Roger, A. You are clear to continue.

A: Requiescat in pace, G. Out.

Twenty-four minutes of silence.

T: Base, come in!

Base: T, is that you? Where's A?

T: I don't know, I lost him in the storm!

Base: Repeat, T?

T: STORM. You know, that giant thing around the mountain right now?

Base: Negative, T.

T: What? Can you even see the mountain?

Base: There's cloud cover, but it's not turbulent.

T: …Base, I'd like to report an anomaly.

Base: The storm?

T: What do you think?

Base: Standby while we try to contact A.

T: Fine.

Base's attempts to contact A are unsuccessful.

Base: T, we can't reach him. Is the route still climbable?

T: Not a chance.

Base: Very well; return to camp.

T: Roger. Out.

Fifteen minutes of silence.

T: Base, are you-oh God.

Base: T, what is it? Come in.

T: I've found A, he's-fuck, it looks like he's frozen solid. Yeah, no,
his skin feels like rock, fuck.

Base: Ignore A and continue your descent as fast as possible; this
mission is officially aborted.

T: I'm heading back down, Base, I'm heading-wait, what?

Base: T, What do you see?

T: There's someone else up here. I-wait, it's gone…it was right there.
Unknown contact lost, Base.

Base: T, descent remains your priority.

T is silent.

Base: T, do you copy?

T remains silent.

Base: T?

T: The mountain is coming down.

Base: T!

No further response from T is heard, however, a rumbling sound
possibly consistent with an avalanche is recorded, along with several
sounds of unknown origin. After thirty seconds, contact is lost
entirely.

One hour later, G was discovered walking into Base Camp. In his
possession was the video/audio recording unit originally assigned to
him and later given to T. Analysis of the feed shows evidence of the
storm attested to by T, despite no evidence of the phenomenon from the
monitoring station. The feed appears to cut out prior to the avalanche
which presumably killed T, and no recordings exist to clarify how the
device returned to G's possession, or how G descended the mountain.

Three appearances by SCP-2585-1 were identified in the recordings,
however, it appears that only the last was noticed by the team
(specifically, T). These images of SCP-2585-1 are the first known to
the Foundation.

G expired of a cerebral edema two hours after his return, and did not
speak during that time. No trace of A or T has been found.



SCP-2585 Exploration Log B

Exploration B

██/██/1987

No further reports of SCP-2585 activity occurred until 1987, which
resulted in the deaths of three climbers. Due to this, another
exploration was planned to verify the status of the anomaly. As with
the first exploration, a team of three Foundation personnel with
significant mountaineering experience were selected (P, J, and L). In
addition to their climbing equipment, harness, and bottled oxygen, the
team was given a more sophisticated video/audio recording device and
three Beretta Series 81 pistols. The team once again ascended via the
Abruzzi Spur.

[Sections of the climb prior to Camp C have been omitted for brevity.]

P: Base, we're about to start towards Camp D; no anomalies.

Base: How's the team? Report everything, no matter how minor.

Indistinct talking is heard, muffled by the wind.

P: J says his fingers are cold.

Base: Is that everything? Altitude sickness, frostbite, anything?

P: Nothing, we're all green, here.

Base: Alright, we'll maintain silence until you find something. Report
anything new.

P: Roger. Out.

Twenty-one minutes of silence.

P: We've got something, Base.

Base: What is it, P?

P: The terrain is different. I've climbed K2 before, this ridge should
head north, not south.

Base: Is the route climbable?

P: Yes, but if it takes us to the Polish Line, there's no way we can
ascend it in this weather.

Base: Roger that, P. You are clear to return should the route prove
not climbable.

P: Understood, Base. Out.

Eleven minutes of silence.

P: Base?

Base: We read you, P.

P: The route is obstructed by seracs1.

Base: Repeat, P?

P: Seracs; I know K2 is notorious for them, but they shouldn't be
here…actually, I'm not quite sure where "here" is at the moment, but
I'm still pretty sure that they shouldn't be there.

Base: Is the route impassable?

P: …Yes. If we try to climb that, we won't end up anywhere but beneath
an avalanche-oh fuck!

A loud rumbling and crashing is heard.

Base: P? Come in!

P: We're alright, Base; part of the seracs just broke off, but we
weren't hit. Everything's…

Base: P?

P: …It's here, that…thing in the spacesuit.

Base: SCP-2585-1 is present? What is it doing?

P: Nothing. It's just floating near a ledge about ten meters above us.
It's nearly upside down, just hanging there. It's also staring at us,
I think; the face screen is just black.

Base: Is the team alright?

P: Everyone seems okay.

Base: Are you sure you're alright, P?

P: I've climbed Eiger2, Annapurna3, and this is my third time on K2.
The astronaut really isn't frightening me much.

Base: I see. Please continue to observe SCP-2585-1 and inform us if
anything changes.

P: Roger, Base. It's still just floating there, I-wait a moment.

Base: P?

P: It's holding its hand out towards us. The palm is facing us,
fingers outstretched. I'm not sure if it's reaching out to us or…

Base: P, come in?

P: The…the seracs are moving. The wall is shifting slightly.

Base: Fall back, P. Mission aborted, fall back!

P: Retreating, Base - standby!

Five minutes of silence.

P: We've lost sight of the entity and the seracs, Base. Everyone is
still…uh, alive.

Base: Do you see or hear anything else?

P: We see fog and hear wind; the storm's gotten a lot worse. Mission
still aborted, Base?

Base: Yes, there's really nothing more you can do up there.

P does not respond.

Base: P?

A sound resembling a muted shriek is heard, source unclear; contact is
then lost.

P, J, and L are first observed finishing their descent forty-five
hours later. P was physically well (aside from issues attributable to
the conditions, though no permanent damage was accrued), J was
suffering from frostbite and had to have three digits amputated, and L
has no memory of the events on K2 whatsoever.

P and J were able to attest that they had encountered SCP-2585-1 again
during their descent, and had attempted to contact Base Camp several
times, without response. The "muted shriek" heard prior to
communication failure was created by J upon seeing SCP-2585-1. Aside
from SCP-2585-1's reappearance, the team reported no further anomalies
during descent.

Analysis of the video feed demonstrated an abnormality, however. While
the team reported that SCP-2585-1's face plate was opaque, this is not
the case in the video. SCP-2585-1's face plate generates bands of
visible light at varying intensities and hues. At times these bands
produce an image similar to a human face, or alternatively a set of
fractals that coincide with a heightened presence of digital
artifacts. Closer analysis reveals that, in several images, both the
human face and the second phenomenon are visible. During these
periods, the two images appear to either "share" the area behind the
face plate, or "merge" together (the latter of which is extremely
distressful for the human face). P and J were not able to account for
this inconsistency; L, however, who has remained consistent that he
cannot remember any of the events on K2, screamed at the sight of the
video and became so distressed that he had to be administered
sedatives. Following the episode, L could not account for why he
screamed, and did not react as such during a second viewing.

The topographical anomalies observed on K2 during the exploration were
not evident on the mountain after SCP-2585 dissipated.


Footnotes

1. A block of ice formed in glacial regions.

2. A mountain located in Switzerland, the north face of which is known
as Mordwand or "Murder Wall."

3. The tenth highest mountain in the world, located in Nepal, and
noteworthy for its 38% fatality rate among climbers.



SCP-2585 Exploration Log C

Exploration Log C

██/██/1991

Following the results of Exploration B, SCP-2585 activity continued,
however, no further excursions were planned due to personnel
constraints. In 1991, however, the disappearance of a private aircraft
(carrying five civilians) over the Karakorum region during an SCP-2585
manifestation prompted further inspection. In addition to upgraded
mountaineering equipment, the personnel selected (R, O, and H) were
given a video/audio recording unit with direct upload to Outpost-2585,
and three Beretta Series 89 pistols. As with the previous
explorations, the team ascended via the "Abruzzi Spur."

[Sections of the climb prior to Camp C have been omitted for brevity.]

R: Righto, our rest is over. Are you seeing this, Base?

The video feed displays a milder section of terrain, consistent with
Camp C.

Base: Affirmative, R. Visibility's just as poor. Can you see the Base
Camp at all?

R: Negative.

The video feed confirms this.

Base: Is there anything wrong with the team? Anything at all?

R: No, we're all fine - physically, mentally, everything.

Base: Right. Continue whenever you're ready; notify us with any
development.

R: Will do. Out.

Over twenty-five minutes, the team is observed scaling the mountain.
No anomalies or sightings of SCP-2585-1 were detected by either the
team or Base Camp during the trek. Thus far, the route seems
consistent with K2 in its natural state, and inconsistent with the
previous explorations. The turbulence of the weather, also, appears
less severe than previously.

R: It doesn't seem too bad up here. I saw the previous recordings; are
we sure this is a genuine manifestation?

Base: What's the atmospheric pressure?

R: …Yeah, it's at about a thousand hectopascals. That's almost sea
level pressure. I guess it is genuine.

Base: Don't relax too much. Team status?

R: All green.

Base: Alright. Continue your ascent.

No irregularities are observed on the video feed of the ascent for
seventeen minutes.

H: What is that?

Base: What?

R: Hold up, Base, we're going to get a good look at it-it's something
on the ground.

H: Oh fuck.

R: I-oh. Base, are you seeing this?

SCP-2585-1 is visible, prostrate and motionless on the ground. The
suit is heavily damaged, the face-plate is broken open, and there
appears to be nothing inside.

Base: Is there activity on it, inside it, anything?

R: Nothing.

H: I can't figure out what caused this damage-R, get the camera on
this.

A close-up of the suit's damage is taken. It appears to be partially
disintegrated, though no sign of burn or chemical damage is present.

R: It looks like it's just turned to dust.

O: Wait, so if it's dead, is that why things aren't so bad up here?

H: Maybe.

Base: Yet the anomaly is still present, which means that SCP-2585-1
was not the source.

R: Do we continue, Base?

Base: …Yes, proceed with utmost caution.

R: Continuing mission. Out.

Over the next seven hours, the team continues climbing. While no
disturbances are observed or reported, it is noticed by both the team
and Base that ambient light inside SCP-2585 has reduced significantly
(the current time is only 3:39PM).

Base: R, is the camera malfunctioning?

R: No, it really is that dark. How's the light outside this mess?

Base: Normal, it's still bright out here.

R: It almost looks like nighttime here. This isn't something it's done
before, is it?

Base: No. This is new.

O: Fuck.

H: We're not too far from Camp D, I think.

R: I think you're right. I-what the…?

H: Whoa.

Base: What's going on?

O: Stars.

R: Base, are you seeing this?

The camera shows that the cloud cover has dissipated, and the night
sky is visible.

Base: The mountain still appears to be completely concealed by cloud
cover from our location.

R: Extradimensional?

O: Fuck.

H: Calm down, we might be able to get out by just climbing down, this
is way too soon to lose your shit.

Base: Details, R, what do you see?

R: Everything looks normal up here, it's just night. There's cloud
below us, I assume that's the scip itself—well, I guess we're inside
the scip now, but you know what I mean.

Base: Anything new or unusual on the mountain itself?

R: It looks fine, I—wait.

H: Do you see it too?

O: See what?

Base: What is it?

R: Faint light coming off a slope above us, it's not too far away, but
from this angle, we can't see what's projecting it.

Base: Can you describe the light? What color is it?

R: It's-no, I…I'm not sure. Investigate?

O: Fuck no!

H: We may not get another chance to see what's up here.

O: I'm fine with that!

Base: R, listen to me. Observe only, try to get images on the
recording unit. Avoid direct contact and return once you get a look.

R: Roger.

O: No! We need to leave!

H: Shut up!

R: O, be quiet, we're—O, no!

O is observed to flee from the area, retreating down into the cloud
cover. In his haste, he stumbles and falls out of sight, presumably to
his death.

R: …Man down, Base.

Base: Get the images and get out of there, R.

R: Doing. Out.

The remaining team members ascend the terrain between their current
position and the unidentified light source. The trek takes seven
minutes. No abnormalities are reported by the team or observed on the
video feed.

R: Base.

H: My God.

Visible on the feed is a crater, roughly thirty meters in diameter,
extending into the side of K2. The crater contains the wreckage of an
unknown-model space shuttle. The light is seen to emanate from among
the debris, though the exact source is not yet identified.

R: The hell is this doing here?

Base: Can you see what the light source is?

R: Negative.

Base: Go ahead and return, R. We'll see what we can get out of this
footage.

R: Alright, we—

H: R, look!

Something moves in the wreckage. A humanoid figure emerges, limply
suspended by unknown means. The figure appears to be dressed in the
same manner as the team.

H: It's O.

This is confirmed on the video feed as it stabilizes. Also visible are
luminescent phenomena similar to the fractal imagery seen in
Exploration Log B.

R: What the fuck happened to him? He-oh God.

[DATA EXPUNGED]

SCP-2585-1: R, H, get back down to the cloud cover!

The team attempts to descend the mountain as [DATA EXPUNGED]

SCP-2585-1: —eaten away. I'm running out, but I'll try to make the
terrain easier down there. Goodbye, guys.

Contact is lost. R and H returned to Base Camp ten minutes later,
though how this was accomplished is presently unclear. Further details
regarding Exploration C, including the debriefing report, are
currently restricted to Clearance 3/2585.



Clearance 2585/3 

Executive Brief Investigative Report Orpheus

- Executive Brief, Investigative Report "Orpheus"

Due to the results of Exploration Log C, the Outpost-2585 supervisor
made a formal request to Overwatch, pending an investigation of the
United States space travel program and its possible connection to
SCP-2585.

Appropriated documents and testimony from the US Government and NASA
indicate that, starting from the commencement of the Space Shuttle
Program in 1972, both the aforementioned parties are shown to have
been involved with an individual or organization identified only as
"Black Eagle" (assumed to be a code-name). There is no evidence that
Rockwell International (now Boeing Defense, Space and Security) had
any connection with, or indeed was even aware to the existence of, the
party known as "Black Eagle." In 1974, under the supervision of the US
Government (though not NASA or Rockwell International), "Black Eagle"
performed several alterations to the Space Shuttle Horizon, a Space
Shuttle Orbiter prototype developed prior to the first officially
recognized model, the Enterprise. No explicit record of these
alterations is known to exist. Space Shuttle Horizon performed its
first orbital flight in 1975, one year before the unveiling of the
Space Shuttle Enterprise and six years before the first orbital flight
of the Space Shuttle Columbia. Details regarding the Horizon's launch
facility at [REDACTED], along with information regarding specific
personnel involved, is limited to the full report (see
SECURE-FILE-ORPHEUS). Contact was lost with the Horizon two hours and
thirty-nine minutes after launch, at which time the spacecraft was
orbiting Earth over the Indian Ocean.

The following piece of testimony was compelled from Derek Wright, a
former employee of the National Security Agency (NSA) in 1995:

I need to make it abundantly clear that I don't know who or what the
hell "Black Eagle" is, and none of my colleagues had any idea either.
Information on BE was classified above my pay-grade, and my bosses
were touchy on the subject.

It was the seventies, we'd put the first human foot on the moon, but
the space race wasn't even close to being over. There was immense
pressure towards militarization of space, and the SSP was critical on
that front. Ever since Saylut 1 went up, there was a frenzy to get our
own space station in orbit, and plans for putting missiles on such a
station were very seriously being considered. If that prospect sounds
crazy now, believe me, it sounded crazy then too, but it's what we had
to work on. Just to be clear, I was never actually involved in any of
this "work," I only made sure that the proceedings were secure, so I
can't speak for any of the technical aspects of these subjects, I can
only talk about what I saw or heard. In any case, missiles on a space
station wasn't even the craziest notion. We'd actually proposed
outfitting the shuttles for a weapons program, but the consensus was
that such a system would be too cumbersome, conspicuous, and
inefficient.

That was before BE.

I said before that I don't know who they are, and I meant that. I
never saw these people, someone saw them, apparently, but it wasn't me
or any of my colleagues. They barely existed on paper; virtually
everything issued or relayed about them was done so by mouth. That was
unusual, but not unheard of. What bugged me was how often I heard "Let
BE take care of it." I heard it all the time. Weirder still was that
we seemed to be ahead of schedule on everything. In my line of work,
we're never ahead of schedule. The launch date kept becoming sooner
and sooner, and it seemed like things became too quick to notice. I
heard whispers, hurried quiet conversations about the "unprecedented
weapon" that BE was working on, and all I can remember thinking is
when did the SSP become cemented as a weapons project when it was
deemed unfeasible less than a year earlier? It was so fast, so bizarre
that it was surreal, and I found myself just going along with it,
right up until the night of the launch.

I got a call to my office from the Horizon. No, not from the launch
site, from the space shuttle itself. I don't know how the hell they
reached my office, why they called me, or what they even used to place
the call in the first place, there's no record of it even existing,
but it happened. The guy on the phone said he was Phil McGinnis, whom
I knew to be one of the astronauts on the shuttle. Naturally I thought
it was a joke or something similar at first, but I heard something in
the background that convinced me otherwise. I honestly can't describe
what I was hearing, but I…didn't like it. I could barely hear what
McGinnis was saying: I had to write it down on a piece of scratch
paper in my office. "The light that eats time," "Mustn't come back,"
and "I will hold the light in me" are the only clear things I heard.
After less than two minutes, the call cut out. I sat for at least a
half hour, literally doing nothing, and I honestly can't remember what
I was thinking about. I don't know if I was questioning what had just
happened, or if I even knew what had just happened at all. Until this
day, I've told no one about this.

As I'm sure you know, the shuttle went down less than three hours
later, and BE vanished without a trace. The whole thing was swept
under the rug, and work on the SSP went on like nothing ever happened.
All of us that had worked on the project while BE was on-board were
rotated to other things, or we disappeared.


