                                    SCP-076                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                     "Able"                                     
                                     ------                                     

Item #: SCP-076 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: Containment Area 25b is to be located 200 m 
below sea level, tunneled out of solid bedrock in a seismologically stable area. 
Sole access to the containment facility is to be through a vertical elevator 
shaft separated every fifty (50) meters with a reinforced blast door, 
constructed of 20 cm thick material shielding. Elevator shaft shall be flooded 
with seawater when not in use. 

Containment Area 25b is to be constructed with the following components: 

An Outer Security Perimeter against outside threats, staffed by security 
personnel trained in close quarters battle and counter-intrusion tactics. 

An Administrative and Support Area (ASA) consisting of support facilities and 
living quarters for on-site personnel. 

A Primary Containment Zone (PCZ), consisting of a 7 m cube encased in 1.5 m of 
reinforced material. PCZ is to be designed to be flooded and drained as needed, 
and should remain filled with seawater unless access to contents is required. 

A 150 m "killing corridor" which is to be the sole access to the PCZ from the 
ASA (including water, power, drainage, and ventilation lines). The walls and 
floor of the corridor are to be reinforced in a similar manner to the PCZ, with 
the addition of an electric deterrence system capable of delivering a 20,000 
volt shock. 

A security station located at the entrance to the killing corridor is to be 
staffed with no fewer than three (3) armed security personnel on watch at any 
one point in time. Armament is to include, but not be limited to, at least one 
(1) ███████ CIW system on a pintle mount with a clear line of 
sight down the corridor, with a plexiglass screen to protect the operator from 
thrown weapons. 

In the event of a full breach, all on-site staff are to proceed immediately to 
the closest security station for weapons and armor distribution. Staff will 
remain at Alert Condition One until SCP-076-2 is confirmed neutralized. Should 
90 minutes pass after declaration of full breach without a Stand Down order 
being given by Level 4 or higher personnel, Final Contingency Measures will be 
activated, flooding the entire facility in seawater and sealing off the access 
shaft for a minimum of 24 hours before retrieval is attempted. This will, by 
necessity, result in the deaths of all on-site staff. 

Description: SCP-076 consists of two components: a stone cube (SCP-076-1) and a 
humanoid entity contained within (SCP-076-2). 

SCP-076-1 is a 3 m cube made of black speckled metamorphic stone. All surfaces 
outside and within SCP-076-1 are covered in deeply engraved patterns 
corresponding to no known civilizations. Radioisotope analysis indicates that 
the object is approximately ten thousand (10,000) years old. A door is located 
on one side, sealed with a lock 0.5 m in width, surrounded by twenty (20) 
smaller locks in a circular pattern. As of yet, none of the keys have been 
found, making the door impossible to lock once closed. 

Interior temperature is approximately 93 Kelvin, and cannot be altered by any 
means, internal or external. Directly in the center of the room is a 2.13 m 
tall stone coffin, held in place and sealed shut by several chains of unknown 
make and substance, which are attached to the inner corners of SCP-076-1. 

SCP-076-2 resembles a lean Semitic human male in his late twenties. Hair is 
black, and eyes are gray, skin tone olive. Subject is 1.96 m in height and 
81.65 kg in weight. Numerous tattoos depicting arcane and occult iconography 
are present all over the body (mostly in the form of leering demonic faces) and 
ranges from subtle to openly ostentatious. Subject, when encased inside 
SCP-076-1, is technically dead. 

However, occasionally SCP-076-2 will awaken, effectively "reanimating", complete 
with all vital processes needed to sustain a living human being. Subject will 
then attempt to leave SCP-076-1. If successful, subject will enter a trance 
state and seek out the nearest human being, ignoring all other living things in 
the process. Upon coming into contact with living humans, SCP-076-2 will enter a 
rage state in which it attempts to engage and kill all human beings encountered. 
To date, only the subject's death has been shown to be effective in ending these 
rampages. 

Terminating SCP-076-2 is often problematic due to its significant physical 
abilities. Subject has superhuman strength and speed, and although not 
invulnerable, has shown a remarkable ability to ignore pain and shock, pressing 
on despite what would be debilitating wounds in normal humans. Prior encounters 
have shown that SCP-076-2 has the ability to (among other things): 

Rip through a reinforced steel security door over the course of four (4) minutes 
of sustained assault. 

Clear over 64 m of distance in under three (3) seconds. 

Take multiple .50 caliber BMG rounds to the head and survive for several minutes 
to continue killing, despite severe damage to the cerebellum. 

Swat handgun and assault-rifle caliber bullets out of the air with a length of 
steel rebar. 

Survive for over one (1) hour deprived of oxygen before finally asphyxiating. 

SCP-076-2's most unusual ability, however, is its ability to apparently 
materialize bladed weapons out of nowhere. Slow-motion video footage reveals 
that the blades in question are actually pulled from a miniature dimensional 
rift described as a "small hole in space." Where this portal leads is unknown, 
as is how SCP-076-2 is capable of generating said rifts. Footage of the blades 
in question shows them to be made out of a completely non-reflective black 
material appearing as a "black void in space." As the blades rapidly vanish 
after leaving the subject's possession, no structural analysis is possible at 
this time. 

SCP-076-2 has effectively been killed several times in various manners: 

Sustained fire from multiple heavy-caliber machine guns. 

Asphyxiation. 

Crushed beneath a 13.6 metric tonne piece of elevator equipment for use on 
SCP-076-1. 

Cremation through the use of a Thermate-TH3 grenade placed directly inside 
SCP-076-2's open chest cavity. 

During the worst breach to date, Containment Area-25 (which previously housed 
SCP-076) was forced to detonate its on site warhead as a last attempt to contain 
SCP-076-2 while it was attempting escape, resulting in total destruction of the 
site and all on-site personnel. SCP-076-1 survived. 

Upon death, SCP-076-2's remains will putrefy rapidly, until reduced to dust. 
SCP-076-1 and the coffin within will then slam shut with great force, and the 
lock will rotate, sealing it shut. SCP-076-2 will then reform within the coffin, 
a process taking anywhere from six (6) hours to twenty-five (25) years. 

What posthumous analysis of SCP-076-2 exists shows that it has a internal system 
highly different from our own, documented in [DATA EXPUNGED]. 


Additional: SCP-076 was found in ████████████, Mongolia, 
in 18██, by archaeologists from England. All members of the expedition were 
subsequently killed on the return voyage home. SCP-076 was recovered from the 
ship █████ ███████ by the ███████ Society 
(one of the organizations that later merged into the modern Global Occult 
Coalition) and placed on display in their Inner Sanctum. 

SCP-076 remained in storage for ███████ (██) years, until 
SCP-076-2 became active and escaped on ██-██-████. The reason 
for SCP-076's activation is currently unknown, but it was at this point that the 
keys to the outer shell were lost. A massive manhunt, lasting over three (3) 
years and ████ ███████, took place until SCP-076-2 was 
incapacitated by ██████████ ███████, killing 
it and causing it to reform inside SCP-076-1, by then retrieved and secured by 
agents of the SCP Foundation. 

Subject was in custody for three (3) more years, under constant supervision, and 
was terminated whenever it became active, although it occasionally was able to 
escape for short periods of time, often due to security breaches caused by 
attacks from other organizations. The Foundation's death toll due to this was 
[DATA EXPUNGED] 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

[DATA EXPUNGED] 

After the last incident, the current procedures regarding SCP-076 were 
implemented, although they are upgraded regularly with the increase in 
technological standards. 


Addendum 076-2: "Project Able" and "Mobile Task Force Omega-7" 

CLASSIFIED - EYES ONLY

All information regarding Project Able and Mobile Task Force Omega-7
("Pandora's Box") is classified Q Clearance by order of the O-5
Council. By proceeding, you are acknowledging that you have clearance
to view these files, and that you have received Need to Know
permission from the appropriate Level 4 or higher authority.

Proceed

Mobile Task Force Omega 7 Incident Log

FROM: Director Maria Jones, Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration

TO: Level 4 Administrators

SUBJECT: RAISA Update to Security Protocol Re: Supplemental Information Re: SCP-076

File Name: Addendum 076-1: "Project Able" and "Mobile Task Force Omega-7"

Prior Classification: O5

New Classification: Level 3, Need To Know Basis.

Effective Date: ██-██-████

Psychological Profile of Subject SCP-076-2

SCP-076-2 either possesses a mind constructed much differently than
our own, or is completely insane, with little empathy or ideas in a
way we would understand it. Concepts such as sex, love and equality
are completely foreign ideas to SCP-076-2, or at least in comparison
to its way of viewing them. Subject has shown that it is completely
disinterested in sex, barely differentiating between genders except as
a form of visual identification. Also, while subject has admitted
greatly enjoying the act of killing, causing pain (either emotionally
or physically) holds no attraction to it. In short, a perfect
sociopath.

Intelligence tests have been wildly inconclusive when applied to
SCP-076-2, and no accurate result has yet been obtained. This may be
due to the alien thought processes of the subject. SCP-076-2 has
however, shown that it has great knowledge of human anatomy (although
in a highly violent context), military tactics of open warfare,
metallurgy, and, strangely enough, the care of livestock. Subject has
knowledge of several languages including English, but most notable is
its knowledge of several dialects of ancient Sumerian, which seem to
be its preferred language.

SCP-076 has nothing but contempt for human beings, with one exception:
it seems to hold a wary respect for those it acknowledges as its
superior. This was discovered when Agent ███████, an agent who had
previously had a large amount of experience with SCP-076-2, did not
appear once it escaped. Subject seemed distressed, asking several
personnel where Agent ███████ was hiding. When it finally did learn of
the fate of Agent ███████ (killed as collateral damage in an airstrike
intended to halt the advance of SCP-███), SCP-076-2 stopped its
rampage and allowed itself to be escorted and restrained.

Subject was then interviewed on the sudden drastic changes in its
behavior.


<Begin Log>

Dr. ██████: Why are you so interested in the death of Agent ███████?

SCP-076-2: (Subject begins swearing in ancient Sumerian)

Dr. ██████: Why does his death bother you? You've killed many humans
before, why is he so- (Is cut off by SCP-076-2)

SCP-076-2: (now speaking in English) Different? Because, unlike you
[Sumerian word, untranslated], he was a challenge, a real enemy.

Dr. ██████: Why would that be good for you? Every time you have awoken
you've tried to escape. He was responsible for apprehending you
several times. Surely you must be glad he's dead.

SCP-076-2: I would hardly expect you to understand. Do you know, he
managed to shoot me in the head over ██ times? A man like that
deserves to die in combat, so close to his opponent he can feel his
breath. Not in some [Sumerian words, untranslated] destruction ordered
by cowardly kings and princes safe in their palaces. The rest of you…
(SCP-076-2 spits) you disgust me. I don't even have the urge to strike
you down.

(Subject is silent from then on, refusing to speak or respond)

<End Log>


This indicates a possible psychological inlet into SCP-076-2's mind,
and a possible control mechanism. Given the massive drain on resources
SCP-076-2 causes due to its escape attempts, and considering Bowe
Commission's stated desire to weaponize SCP objects for tactical
purposes, I recommend that we pursue this course of action as soon as
possible.

Dr. P█████ G████

FROM: Dr. █████ █. █████

TO: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

SUBJECT:

████,

He said yes.

███


PROJECT PROPOSAL: MOBILE TASK FORCE OMEGA-7 ("PANDORA'S BOX")

Mission Statement: Support of SCP-076-2 ("Able") in the field, in high
risk tactical situations.

Task Force Organization: Task Force Special Asset "Able," Task Force
Leader ████ ████████████, 10-20 field agents divided into five teams
of 3-5 each. Members of the team are to be personally selected from
elite field agents by Subject Able himself, in order to maintain a
smooth relationship between the Artifact and the mundane elements of
the Task Force.

Security Protocol: SCP-076-2 ("Able") is to wear a device attached to
the neck that, if triggered or tampered with, will immediately
detonate, terminating SCP-076-2 by way of complete destruction of the
spinal cord, trachea and all major blood vessels in the neck. A
tracking device has also been attached to SCP-076-2's person. It is to
refrain from killing unless ordered to do so, and is to avoid causing
damage to the organization's facilities.

Armament and Equipment: Team members are to be armed and equipped in
accordance with MTF doctrine. As Subject Able has shown no inclination
to use firearms, or in fact, no understanding of their use or tactical
implications, he is instead to be armed with one or more edged melee
weapons of his choice.

Addendum: For God's sake, ████, find these guys something to do.
Able's getting bored, and he's started putting his team through live
fire exercises: they get bullets, he gets training weapons. Have you
ever seen someone break a man's jaw using a Nerf sword? He's not gonna
stop until someone gets killed. - Dr. █████ █. █████

Report by Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

In light of SCP-076-2's proficient use of the Sumerian language,
researchers have asked it to translate several documents. While it
originally replied with disinterest, it has translated some of the
documents it found worthy of its attention. Most of the documents
chosen by SCP-076-2 were regarding battles or legendary heroes, one of
its favorites in particular being the "Epic of Gilgamesh".

However, one researcher presented it with the symbol from SCP-073.
Upon sight of this, SCP-076-2 became highly enraged, killing several
of the researchers before its kill switch could be activated. When
revived and questioned about this, SCP-076-2 responded aggressively,
and that line of questioning was immediately dropped. It is
recommended anything pertaining SCP-073 never be brought to the
attention of SCP-076-2 and that the two are never to be in the same
facility.


Addendum 076-07: Recently, SCP-105 has been accepted into Mobile Task
Force Omega-7, having beaten SCP-076-2 in a contest to see which of
the two could activate several devices, each spaced over a mile away
from each other and the starting point. SCP-105 managed to score
significantly higher than SCP-076-2 by using her inherent abilities to
her advantage. SCP-076-2 ceded defeat and allowed her entry into the
group.


Addendum 076-09: Proposed introduction of SCP-076-2 to SCP-682 put on
indefinite hold. Those with Security Clearance level 4 or higher may
request access to Contingency 076-2 #3.


Addendum 076-23: Per the request of the Bowe Commission, Mobile Task
Force Omega-7 is to be fielded in the ████████ region of ███████████
against [DATA EXPUNGED].


FROM: Dr. █████ █. █████

TO: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

SUBJECT: Don't do it, P███

████,


For god's sake, don't do it. It's bad enough that they're trying to
weaponize Iris too. Don't let the military bully us into doing their
dirty work against some sand farmers in ██████████.

███


FROM: General ██████ Bowe, ████

TO: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

SUBJECT: A Job Well Done

Excellent work, doctor. The mission went exactly as expected. We'll be
calling you again if we need your help.

General ██████ Bowe, ████


FROM: Dr. █████ █. █████

TO: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

SUBJECT: I hope you're fucking proud of yourself, motherfucker.

<hello.jpg>

because you're a bigger asshole than this guy.


FROM: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

TO: Omega Seven Team

SUBJECT: Reassignment

As of this moment, Dr. █████ █. █████ has been reassigned to SCP-682
as Level 1 personnel.

[DATA EXPUNGED]


FROM: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

TO: General ██████ Bowe, ████

SUBJECT: Problems

[DATA EXPUNGED]

Despite our best efforts, Subject Able is proving difficult to
control. All our attempts to keep him engaged have been more or less
unsuccessful.

The problem is, he's a perfect killing machine, and that's all he
wants to do. Which seems like exactly what we wanted, but the problem
is, we can't seem to turn him off.

[DATA EXPUNGED]

I'm running out of missions to give him, and the ones I've got left
aren't engaging him mentally. He's starting to lash out at the other
team members. It's only a matter of time before something goes wrong.
Requesting permission to discontinue the project and neutralize Able
temporarily, until we can find something more for him to do.


FROM: General ██████ Bowe, ████

TO: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

SUBJECT: Re: Problems

Unacceptable. Neutralizing Subject Able at this point is going to
cause us an unacceptable delay. We'll have another mission for you
within a couple of weeks. All you have to do is keep him busy until
then. Send him on vacation or something.


FROM: Dr. P█████ G████, Project Omega Seven

TO: All Staff

SUBJECT: ALERT

THIS IS AN AUTOMATED ALERT

SCP-076-2 has disabled the explosive collar failsafe and gone out of
control. All staff to high alert. Further requests as events warrant.


FROM: AUTOMATED DEFENSE SYSTEM, CONTAINMENT AREA-25

TO: All Sites

SUBJECT: FINAL OPTION ENGAGED

THIS IS AN AUTOMATED MESSAGE. DO NOT REPLY

As of ██-██-████, ████:██, Containment Area-25 has engaged its on-site
nuclear warhead on ten-minute countdown.


FROM: O5 Command

TO: All Sites

SUBJECT: Containment Area 25 Final Option: Response

As of ██-██-████, ████:██, Containment Area-25 has been destroyed by
detonation of its on-site nuclear warhead. Sites 67 and 68 are to
activate the FEMA protocol and secure the location as soon as
possible. Official cover story will be released by RAISA to all
personnel once drafted.

Revised Psychological Profile of Subject SCP-076-2

SCP-076-2 either possesses a mind constructed much differently than
our own, or is completely insane, with little empathy or ideas in a
way we would understand it. Concepts such as sex, love and equality
are completely foreign ideas to SCP-076-2, or at least in comparison
to its way of viewing them. Subject has shown that it is completely
disinterested in sex, barely differentiating between genders except as
a form of visual identification. Also, while subject seems to greatly
enjoy the act of killing, causing pain (either emotionally or
physically) holds no attraction to it.

Intelligence tests have been wildly inconclusive when applied to
SCP-076-2, and no accurate result has yet been obtained. This is due
to the fact that no communication is possible with the Subject when in
its "rage" state. Subject displays knowledge of several languages
including English, but most notable is its knowledge of several
dialects of ancient Sumerian, which seem to be its preferred language.

SCP-076 has nothing but contempt for human beings and will kill them
on sight. No communication is to be attempted with the subject.



