                                    SCP-4500                                    
                                    ========                                    

                        Socratic Containment Procedures                         
                        -------------------------------                         

Item #: SCP-4500 

Containment Class: Euclid 

Persons of the Dialogue

The Narrator

The Reader

The scene is laid in the Containment Protocol Archives; and the whole dialogue 
is narrated by the Narrator to the Reader. 


Book I: Item Number

Reader: What is the designated number of the item in question?

Narrator: The designated number of the item in question is 4500.


Book II: Safety Class

Reader: What is the safety class of the item in question?

Narrator: The safety class of the item in question is Euclid.


Book III: Special Containment Procedures

Reader: What are the special containment procedures of the item in question?

Narrator: As SCP-4500 is accessed by philosophical contemplation, knowledge of 
SCP-4500 is to be restricted to Level 4 Researchers and above, as well as 
members of MTF 31-Pi "Platonic Solids". All public media describing SCP-4500 are 
to be destroyed immediately, and Class-D amnestics are to be administered to any 
civilians found to possess knowledge of SCP-4500. 

Due to its anomalous effect, all documentation concerning SCP-4500 is to be 
contained in the form of a Socratic dialogue. To ensure stability, the 
containment procedures for SCP-4500 are to be recited in group dialogue, 
accompanied by contemplation of SCP-4500-1. 

Reader: And how shall the item in question be studied?

Narrator: Philosophical expeditions into SCP-4500 are conducted weekly by MTF 
31-Pi "Platonic Solids" in the secondary library of Site 28. 

All researchers interested in visiting SCP-4500 must score 80% or higher on the 
Level 4 CPB (Classical Philosophical Battery) and pass screening for memetic 
hazards. First-time eidonauts are asked to provide coffee and biscuits. 

New instances of SCP-4500-A are to be transcribed by at least three (3) members 
of MTF 31-Pi and the transcripts compared and edited until all three are in 
agreement. 


Book IV: Description

Reader: What is the description of the item in question?

Narrator: SCP-4500 is a Platonic ideal. In particular, it is the 
abstractification of the exact concept █████████ 
███████████ █████ (known as SCP-4500-1). Unlike 
most ideal concepts, SCP-4500 can be physically interacted with through 
philosophical thought. Group contemplation of SCP-4500-1, facilitated by 
Socratic Dialogue, allows travel to SCP-4500. 

Mental travel to SCP-4500 is possible through contemplation of the ideal 
qualities inherent to SCP-4500, and is facilitated by group discussion and 
debate. 

Reader: But what is seen during such travel?

Narrator: As far as it has been explored, SCP-4500 consists of idealizations of 
the concept of 'room'. Each room is of variable volume and construction, with 
materials used including stone, lead, and bronze. It is believed that this is 
used to distinguish rooms, as 'room' has only one Platonic ideal, while 'large 
bronze room' and 'small lead room' have distinct Platonic ideals. 

Each room explored to date displays a single instance of SCP-4500-A. Each 
instance of SCP-4500-A is an ideal dialogue between individuals. Every observer 
experiences this dialogue in their preferred language. 

Reader: Now speak, and tell me, what is the purpose of the item in question?

Narrator: Transcripts of SCP-4500-A instances suggest that the facility was once 
in the material realm (near Athens, Greece) and served a purpose similar to that 
of the modern-day Foundation. The exact method by which it was translated to the 
ideal realm is unknown, although several of the transcribed SCP-4500-A instances 
make allusions to the process (see Example 4 below). 

None of the anomalies described in instances of SCP-4500-A have been discovered 
during expeditions, despite dialogue implying their presence. Reclassification 
of SCP-4500 to Safe is in process, awaiting the complete mapping of the 
interior. 


Book V: Discovery

Reader: How was the item in question discovered?

Narrator: The item in question was discovered on ██/██/19██ during a 
spirited debate between ██████ █████ 
█████████ and ████████ ███████ 
concerning the philosophical underpinnings of their seminal work 
█████████ ███████████. During the 
debate, the two philosophers apparently conceived of SCP-4500-1 organically and 
discussed its existence, at which point they entered SCP-4500. The two discussed 
their findings in a college-wide seminar a week later. A Foundation operative 
planted in the mathematics department of ███████ College was able 
to document this seminar. Class-A amnestics were administered to all civilians 
involved. 


Book VI: Examples of SCP-4500-A

Reader: Can you provide me with examples of SCP-4500-A?

Example 1:

Q. What is the designation?

A. The designation is Pi Alpha Nu.

Q. And what threat does it represent?

A. The threat of Iron.

Q. And what is the method of constraint?

A. Pi Alpha Nu shall be sealed in lead. No less than two freedmen shall attend 
Pi Alpha Nu at all times. A scholar of level Gamma or higher must be consulted 
before any experimentation with Pi Alpha Nu. 

Under no circumstances will Scholar Pandora be allowed access to Pi Alpha Nu 
again. 

Q. And what is the description of Pi Alpha Nu?

A. Pi Alpha Nu is a ceramic jar that was once painted with depictions of several 
Silver-threat aberrations, corresponding directly to known aberrations ___, ___, 
___ as well as three unknown entities assumed to be aberrations. 

Scholar Epimetheus discovered Pi Alpha Nu on _____, ____. Experimentation 
revealed that Pi Alpha Nu is capable of storing living entities in a state of 
stasis. The painted depictions on the jar change to represent the contents. 

Under routine testing by Scholar Pandora, the constraint of Pi Alpha Nu was 
broken and several Silver-threat aberrations were released. At this day, only 
one (the entity ___) has been reconstrained in Pi Alpha Nu. 


Example 2:

Q. What is the designation?

A. The designation is Pi Upsilon Theta.

Q. And what threat does it represent?

A. The threat of Silver.

Q. And what is the method of constraint?

A. All scholars not in the Second Academy that display knowledge of Pi Upsilon 
Theta are to be drowned at sea. Any scrolls describing Pi Upsilon Theta are to 
be burnt and the ashes dispersed. All pottery depicting Pi Upsilon Theta is to 
be destroyed and ground to a size not exceeding that of a mustard seed. 

Q. And what is the description of Pi Upsilon Theta?

A. Pi Upsilon Theta is the knowledge of numbers not in perfect fraction. This 
knowledge was first discovered by Scholar Pythagoras when calculating the length 
of an isosceles right triangle's hypotenuse. Knowledge of Pi Upsilon Theta is an 
Emanatory Ideal, capable of oral and written transmission. 

Pi Upsilon Theta causes severe distress during initial exposure.


Example 3:

Q. What is the designation?

A. The designation is Omega Omega Omega.

Q. And what threat does it represent?

A. The threat of Gold.

Q. And what is the method of constraint?

A. Omega Omega Omega is to be cast into the pit known as Tartarus-Beta, to a 
depth of no less than twenty stadions. 

All seismic motions shall be reported to Scholar Zeus, who will hurl no less 
than three thunderbolts of type Omega down Tartarus-Beta. If seismic motions 
continue, Scholar Zeus is instructed to engage Omega Omega Omega directly. 

Q. And what is the description of Omega Omega Omega?

A. Omega Omega Omega is human in body but wears a hundred serpent's heads on his 
shoulders. The being emits both flame and thunder from every head. The being is 
highly virile and has produced numerous Abominations, including Kappa Epsilon 
Rho, Upsilon Delta Rho, and Omicron Rho Theta. 

Escape of Omega Omega Omega could result in a new Earth and new Kosmos. 
Constraint of Omega Omega Omega is our greatest ideal. 


Example 4:

Q. What is the designation?

A. The designation is Pi Lambda Alpha.

Q. And what threat does it represent?

A. No threat. Its substance is that of Heroes.

Q. And what is the method of constraint?

A. Pi Lambda Alpha shall be held at ready at all times by no fewer than three 
scholars of the highest circle. 

If all constraints shall fail, and an alteration of the Earth and Kosmos is 
imminent, a scholar of the highest circle possessing knowledge of Pi Lambda 
Alpha shall enact it. 

Q. And what is the description of Pi Lambda Alpha?

A. Pi Lambda Alpha is the breaking of the chains. Pi Lambda Alpha is the burning 
of puppets and the dousing of fire. Pi Lambda Alpha is walking out of the cave 
and into the light. 

Pi Lambda Alpha is not to be used until all other resources are exhausted.


Example 5:

This room was distinct from the others, including an idealization of 'small 
straw bed'. 

Q. Whose is this abode?

A. This is the abode of Scholar Herakles.

Q. And where is Scholar Herakles?

A. After the death of Scholar Megara, Scholar Herakles has been assigned to the 
duty of Gold level beings as punishment for his recklessness until further 
notice. 


