                                    SCP-5987                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Sirenhead                                    
                                   ---------                                    

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following file is a digitalised copy of an American Secure Containment 
Initiative file that has been preserved for posterity. Please consult your local 
HCML Supervisor before acting on any information in this file. 

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA


Item Number: 6789-AH

Object Class: Humanoid Ontokinetic (possibly)

Threat Level: Green No Threat Currently

ASCI Protocols for Containment: A bounty of 10 thousand francs has been placed 
on 6789-AH's head, with an additional 100 francs for each of his crew members. 
As political complications resulting from Emperor Napoleon's military campaigns 
have prevented the Estate noir from supporting the ASCI, business in the state 
of France concerning 6789-AH should be conducted through intermediaries. 

Description: Item 6789-AH is the French captain François Aregnaudeau, captain 
of the Duc de Dantzig. The item is believed to be a Preternatural Being of some 
renown, though a full description of its abilities is unconfirmed. What has been 
observed is that 6789-AH is able to physically control the paths of other ships 
within eyesight, manipulating their sails and riggings any way it pleases. 
6789-AH has used this ability to run vessels and their crews aground, or dash 
them against rocks and collect whatever of value remained. 

As a result of these abilities, 6789-AH was able to become a highly successful 
privateer in service to France, capturing over 30 military and merchant ships in 
under ten years. Apprehension of the item while at sea is highly inadvisable. 
Officers should wait until Item 6789-AH has disembarked, and sink Duc de Dantzig 
as soon as possible to cut off a means of escape. 

14/12/1812: In December of 1812, a report was published in a local French 
newspaper of a naval ship's encounter with the Duc de Dantzig. Due to the Second 
War of Independence, a full examination and review of the event was not 
possible. 

We had spotted the vessel floating at sea late last night, floating on the waves 
with seemingly no direction. The decision was made to contact the crew. If they 
were good and courteous Frenchmen, we would assist them in whatever distress 
they had found themselves in. If they were brigands, we would assist their 
distress. 

As we drew closer, we were perplexed at the silence at which the ship stood. 
There were no signs of a recent skirmish, or the impact of a storm, it was in 
perfect condition. A boarding party came up beside it, and I was first among 
them. 

We found an ungodly amount of blood staining the deck. It appeared that the 
whole crew, at least fifty men strong, had been slaughtered. Men were hanging 
off the ropes like criminals, others laid on the ground with their entrails 
thrown astride, and many had simply had their faces caved in with cannonballs 
fired from their own cannons. One man, dressed in the finery of a captain (and 
with the putrid stench of a corpse), had been lashed to the main mast, swords 
piercing his hands and feet like a ghastly crucifixion. 

Bloody papers in the hold identified the ship as the Duc de Dantzig, a 
privateering ship of some small fame. It had gone missing some time ago and 
resurfaced here. What had happened? Had the crew gone mad, overthrowing the 
captain? But why would they destroy themselves in such a manner? 

Francois made the decision to burn the ship, one I agreed heartily with. 
Whatever evil occurred there, it was best to leave it. 

Based on the details of the scene above, it is the opinion of ASCI Command that 
a mutiny occurred against Item 6789-AH in which it was slain, but not before it 
used its anomalous abilities to enact the deaths of its crew. The possibility of 
other members of the Duc de Dantzig having had similar powers has not been ruled 
out. 

With the death of Item 6789-AH, the mission has been closed.
 


You have (1) additional file to view. Open file?



Item #: SCP-5987

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: A 3 km radius around SCP-5987's manifestation 
area has been blocked off from all sea and air traffic. Foundation vehicles 
should not go within 2 km of SCP-5987. 

Description: SCP-5987 is a Type-4H Apparition1 centralized to a small area in 
Arcachon Bay, off the southwest coast of France. Between the time of nautical 
twilight on the evening of one day, and nautical twilight on the following day, 
a 19th century brig will appear, sailing around the bay before vanishing. 
SCP-5987 has been observed to always stay within a kilometer of its 
manifestation point. 

All vehicles that approach SCP-5987, hereby referred to as SCP-5987-1 instances, 
will be unable to be controlled by their operators. Wheels, pedals, and other 
methods of directional movement will still function, but will not produce their 
desired results. SCP-5987-1 instances will then immediately dive underwater, 
typically killing all passengers onboard. 

An annual analysis of predecessor files in 2017 revealed that the ASCI had 
documented an anomaly similar to SCP-5987, centred around a vessel two hundred 
years earlier that was believed to be neutralized when Item 6789-AH, the captain 
François Aregnaudeau, was killed at sea as part of a suspected mutiny. 

Due to an increasing risk of sightings by civilians, current containment efforts 
are being redirected towards Neutralization of SCP-5987. A mission was approved 
to search the manifestation area for any signs of spectral significance. 

VIDEO LOG

DATE: 01/07/2019

VESSEL: SCPS Submersible Nephthys

[BEGIN LOG]

23:00: SCPS Nephthys approaches the radius of SCP-5987's area of effect.

23:05: SCP-5987 turns towards the submarine. Command loses communication with 
Nephthys as it submerges. 

23:05-23:16: Command attempts to re-establish contact with the submersible.

23:16: Communication is re-established. Captain Doumer reports that the 
submersible experienced heavy but non-essential damage from colliding with the 
ocean floor. However, anomalous influence on Nephthys has ceased. Doumer 
requests an update on his current objective. 

23:16-23:34: Deliberations are held between the members of the research team. 
Some wish to take the opportunity to investigate SCP-5987 more closely, while 
others insist on relying on the original mission parameters. 

23:34: Deliberation ceases when SCP-5987 is observed retreating to a further 
distance. A white flag is raised from its mainmast. 

23:37: Taking it as a sign of approval, Nephthys is cleared to proceed on its 
original parameters. 

23:45 Nephthys reaches the approximate manifestation point. Numerous wooden and 
steel shipwrecks can be seen dotting the sea floor. Nephthys switches to search 
mode. 

[EXTRANEOUS LOGS REDACTED]

2:18: Nephthys pauses by a small wooden shipwreck, readying the diving team. At 
sea level, SCP-5987 lowers its flag to half-mast before raising it to full 
again.2 

2:19: This information is relayed to Doumer, and the divers are deployed to 
clear access to the wreckage. 

2:25: Several skeletons are found, all with various levels of saltwater 
corrosion.3 

2:30: Agent Lacroix finds a large ornate figurehead carved to resemble a siren 
or mermaid, buried underneath a large section of the hull. Notably, the 
figurehead lacks any damage. 

2:35: A loud bell chime is heard as the divers depart, and SCP-5987 vanishes 
prematurely. The mission is declared over and Nephthys returns to the surface. 

[END LOG]

At nautical twilight the next day, SCP-5987 did not appear and was considered 
Neutralized. The figurehead has been designated as SCP-5987-1 pending further 
examination. 



Footnotes

1. Referring to apparitions of usually inanimate objects.

2. In maritime custom, a dipping of the flag indicates a sign of respect or 
acknowledgement. 

3. As spectrally significant remains do not decay or corrode, they were deemed 
non-anomalous. 
 


You have (1) pending revision. Refresh file?



Item #: SCP-5987 

Level 1

Containment Class: Euclid 

Disruption Class: DARK

Risk Class: Notice

UNRESTRICTED

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5987 has been treated for saltwater 
protection and fitted to a historically accurate miniature 19th century sailing 
ship, which has been placed in the saltwater enclosure at Area 34's Marine 
Observatory. SCP-5987 should be examined once a month for any signs of damage. 

Description: SCP-5987 is the former figurehead of the Duc de Dantzig, a French 
privateer brig1 from the early 19th century. However, analysis of the 
composition has revealed that SCP-5987 was made approximately two hundred years 
prior and was most likely added after construction of the brig. 

SCP-5987 is able to control all seafaring vessels within a kilometer of its 
vicinity. In the past, its ability was used to sink rival ships or run them 
aground for looting. It appeared to resent this task however and ended up 
killing its captain François Aregnaudeau and his crew in 1811. After it was 
burned at sea by a French naval ship, the manner of its "death" was strong 
enough to create an spectral disturbance tied to its location. 

Currently, SCP-5987 uses its abilities to sail around its enclosure. Personnel 
in close vicinity report hearing an unknown chorus of voices singing the French 
sea shanty Boney (Was a Warrior). 



Footnotes

1. A two-masted sailing vessel common during the 18th and early 19th centuries.


