                                    SCP-2111                                    
                                    ========                                    

                              If You Can Read This… 
                              ---------------------

[4.63%] cd H/secure/reports/scp/scp-2111

SECURITY WARNING! The SCP-2111 registry and all associated files are components 
of the Foundation's memetic security systems. These files contain lethal 
cognitohazards and memes and should not be accessed by unauthorized personnel. 
Access to the SCP-2111 registry in the database is restricted to Memetics 
Department use only. Contact your HMCL supervisor for further information. 

[4.63%] ls -la
-rwx2r--- MEME 2/2111 18 KB Jul 14 2015 SCP-2111(RED TALISMAN)
-rwx2r--- AMEM 2/2111 20 KB Jan 17 2015 SCP-2111(RIDDEN TONGUE)
-rwx2r--- AMEM 2/2111 36 KB Jan 17 2015 SCP-2111appA
-rwx2r--- CCON 2/2111 21 KB Aug 13 2015 SCP-2111(REVENANT THEORY)
-rwx2r--- OZER 2/2111 21 KB Nov 1 2015 SCP-2111(READ THIS)
drwx3RTrwx--- MEME 3/2111/RT 10 GB Nov 1 2015 scp-2111.datafiles.warningcoghaz


[4.63%] more SCP-2111(RED TALISMAN)

SCP-2111

This file and all associated documents are for Memetics Department
eyes only. If you can read this you have undergone Phase III
countermemetic training. If you are not authorized to view this and
are able to, you have been infected with a memetic kill agent with an
average lethal onset of thirty-seven minutes: report to your RAISA
supervisor immediately.

Item #: SCP-2111

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Access to the SCP-2111 data is
restricted to personnel with 3/2111/RED TALISMAN clearance with a
current Phase III countermemetic battery certification. Data is to be
only accessed or viewed through the RED TALISMAN interface.
Unauthorized personnel who access the files are to be detained,
treated for exposure to lethal cognitohazards and memetic content, and
either amnesticized or terminated at the discretion of RAISA.

This file is to be protected with a SNARK HUNT disinterest/disgust
memetic agent in addition to standard network security measures.

Description: SCP-2111 is an algorithm capable of generating an
infinite number of novel lethal cognitive hazards. The algorithm was
derived by the Foundation from analysis of multiple unrelated
cognitohazardous anomalies and adapted for the creation and
maintenance of lethal cognitive weapons used for information and
physical security as well as memetic packages for behavior
modification vectors. RED TALISMAN is the software-based tool that
deploys raw material generated by SCP-2111 into weaponized media. RED
TALISMAN can generate direct visual or auditory cognitohazards as well
as insert hazardous material into memetic carriers. SCP-2111 functions
by anomalous means, currently theorized to have access to forms of
mathematics that create destructive processing loops when translated
to neurological systems.


[4.63%] more SCP-2111(RIDDEN TONGUE)

SCP-2111

This file and all associated documents are for Antimemetics Division
eyes only. If you are able to remember reading this you have received
M-Y conditioning and are currently undergoing Class W mnestic
treatment. If you are not authorized to view this and are able to, you
have been infected with an antimemetic remote amnestic agent.

Item #: SCP-2111

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Belief in SCP-2111 as an algorithm
controlled by the Foundation is to be maintained within the Memetics
Department, and its assumed role as a Memetics Department
administrative asset is to be maintained within the Foundation as a
whole. Monitoring software has been put in place to ensure that
SCP-2111 activity does not occur outside of this directory. The size
of this directory is to be monitored, and significant changes are to
be reported to the Division Chief.

SCP-2111-1 instances are to be documented and then removed by Division
personnel embedded in Facilities and Maintenance, whenever discovered.

This file is to be protected by a Type III in-line invisibility
antimeme in addition to standard network security measures.

Description: SCP-2111 is a phenomenon in which a directory in the
Foundation database spontaneously generates files containing both
lethal cognitive hazards and anti-memetic content. These files are
often of novel types, and generate at an average rate of 80 KB per
month. Occasionally and unpredictably some of these files will be
spontaneously deleted. RIDDEN TONGUE is a software-based tool that
skims these files for raw material for Foundation use, sanitizes it
for security threats and then feeds it as raw data to the Memetics
Department's RED TALISMAN software.

The first SCP-2111 file appeared on 04/21/1981. It was heavily
encrypted, protected by a Type IV antimemetic trigger and appeared to
originate from within the Foundation. Within three hours, before
Division personnel could decrypt it, it was edited and replaced with a
file containing lethal cognitohazards and antimemetic content.

SCP-2111-1 is a phenomenon where graffiti appears spontaneously in
Foundation facilities. This graffiti is painted in nonanomalous
materials sourced from the nearby environment. SCP-2111-1 instances
are constructed as Type IV antimemetic triggers1, and are
imperceptible except via a combination of M-Y conditioning and
mnestics. This graffiti typically is of one of two types: 73% contain
an exhortation to read this directory (e.g. "READ SCP-2111") while the
remainder contain a variable message (characteristic examples follow,
see Appendix A for the full list):


Date

Location

Message

Medium

Notes


06/23/1981

Site-13 Cafeteria

"CAN ANYBODY EVEN READ THIS?"

Chocolate Pudding	


02/14/1984

Researcher Amos Sanchez's office at Area-152 following his suicide

"Forget Us!"

Blood and Brain Tissue	


05/08/1989

The office of O5-8 at Site-200

"Let me go!"

Permanent Marker

Contained a Type IX antimemetic trigger capable of inflicting severe retrograde amnesia.


08/17/1993

Site-167 Antimemetics Division Headquarters Command Center

"Why can't you forget about me?"

Printer Ink

Contained a Bryx-Nogel visual cognitohazard and resulted in the deaths of seven Division personnel.


03/10/1994

Site-01, O5 Council Chamber

"Mission Accomplished. -ΩZulu"

Erasable Marker on Whiteboard	


02/11/2003

Site-41, Lab S041-B08-053

"I'm not strong enough. He forgets me."

Lead glass particles presumed to originate from a CRT display.

See SCP-4739 and Incident Report: COLORLESS IDEA


01/29/2015

Chief of Operations Office, Site-167

Antimemetics Division Headquarters

"Why has O5-8 stopped taking his medicine?"

Pencil

See Incident Report: OCHER MINERAL



Footnotes

1. Type IV antimemes cause single target short term anterograde
amnesia, resulting in an inability to consciously perceive the
subject.



[4.63%] more SCP-2111(REVENANT THEORY)

SCP-2111

This file and all associated documents are for Counterconceptual
Division eyes only. If you can remember reading this you have received
Y-M conditioning and are currently undergoing Class W mnestic
treatment. If you can read this, and are not authorized,
countercognitive and memetic kill agents are in place to ensure that
you do not live to remember it.

Item #: SCP-2111

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2111 is currently uncontained. All
personnel undergoing mnestic treatment are vulnerable. Personnel are
to be monitored for sudden memory loss and, in the event of a
suspected attack by SCP-2111, Class-B amnestics are to be administered
immediately. Mobile Task Force Epsilon-7 ("Forget-Me-Nots") is to
continuously monitor and disrupt civilian development of mnestics.

The Memetics Department's RED TALISMAN program is to be monitored for
external influence, and REVENANT THEORY is to be enacted in the event
a threat is detected.

Instances of Golf-Class glyphs in Foundation facilities are to be
documented and removed by Division personnel embedded in Facilities
and Maintenance, whenever discovered.

This file is to be secured with Bravo-Class Counterconceptual
Camouflage in addition to standard network security measures.

Description: SCP-2111 is a hostile antimemetic entity that targets
personnel under the effect of long-term mnestic drug treatment.
Victims suffer significant long-term retrograde amnesia, losing
between three months and twenty-one years of memory. Due to memory
loss, no survivors have been able to describe the entity or the
attack. Immediate treatment with Class B amnestics has been shown to
halt in-progress attacks.

The first known victim was Dr. Victoria Taylor, a Foundation
researcher with the Counterconceptual Division. Researcher Taylor's
memories were regressed to shortly after being recruited by the
Counterconceptual Division in 1974. Researcher Taylor's last known
work was on an object originally classified as SCP-2111. After
publishing the SCP Report on 04/21/1981, all of her work on the object
was corrupted by unknown means and replaced with lethal cognitohazards
and antimemetic content. Personnel who had read the report in the
three hours it was available recollect that it described preliminary
research into an antimemetic infovore of a previously unknown type.

SCP-2111 attacks affect personnel directly, consistent with known
infovorous mechanisms, as well as leaving cognitohazardous and
antimemetic glyphs on wall surfaces near intended victims. These traps
are protected by Golf-Class Counterconceptual Camouflage1 and are
therefore only visible to personnel undergoing mnestic treatment.

At least thirty-six Division personnel have suffered attacks by
SCP-2111. The last direct attack attributed to SCP-2111 was on
03/01/1994. While camouflaged glyphs are still being detected, they no
longer contain any dangerous effects. It is currently unknown if
SCP-2111 is still active or if the ongoing Golf-Class creation is the
result of unrelated phenomena.

Three months following the incident with Researcher Taylor, the
Foundation's Memetics Department claimed the SCP-2111 directory in the
database and began mining it for their RED TALISMAN weaponized
cognitohazard program. Covert research by the Counterconceptual
Division into the relationship between SCP-2111 and the Memetics
Department is ongoing. A contingency plan, codenamed REVENANT THEORY,
has been developed in the event that it is determined that the
Memetics Department has been compromised by SCP-2111. REVENANT THEORY
will insert a complex memetic agent into the RED TALISMAN user
interface. The REVENANT THEORY agent is a carrier for a broad-spectrum
antimemetic counteragent as well as a targeted meme complex that
enhances organizational loyalty and personal guilt. This will trigger
an institutional witch-hunt within the Memetics Department starting
with those most likely to have been exposed to any contamination.



Footnotes

1. Golf-Class Counterconceptual Camouflage disrupts the ability to
retain the focal object in short term memory, resulting in an
inability to consciously perceive the subject.



[4.63%] more SCP-2111(READ THIS)

SCP-2111

If you can read this, you are already dead.

- Message From MTF ω-0 Command

- From: SR Amos Sanchez, Ops Director, MTF ω-0

You probably got here by reading the writing on the walls, but
regardless of how you found us, welcome to the most clandestine unit
in the Foundation: Mobile Task Force Omega-Zero ("Ará Orún").

You probably have already noticed that you have access to everything
in the database, nothing is redacted, anomalous memetic and
antimemetic security content no longer has any effect on you, and you
are getting worried that you might need to report to RAISA. This isn't
an error, the veils of the mortal world have merely been lifted from
your eyes. I regret to inform you that you have died in the line of
duty.

Take a minute to let this news actually get through the denial.

What you are now is still a matter of debate. The memetics wonks think
we are Bader-Ramjin Infomorphic Entities in the noosphere, whereas the
parapsychologists say we are Type VI Volitional Spiritual Apparitions.
Whatever we are, we are here, and unable to disperse, or move on to a
higher plane of existence, or reach a state of maximum entropy, or
whatever we are supposed to do.

Here's what we do know:

We are able to perceive memetic and antimemetic threats that the
living cannot, and sometimes we can do something about them. This is
MTF ω-0's mission.

You can manifest anywhere there's a terminal connected to this
database, as though you are sitting at the terminal.

Whenever the living try to perceive our communications, it comes
across laden with antimemetic amnestic effects at minimum, and is
often cognitohazardous.

Somehow the Memetics Department managed to convince themselves that
they are creating all this stuff. They use it to make the security
glyphs and memes you knew and loved when you were alive.

You can write on walls by staring at security camera feeds and being
really emotionally invested in your message. We don't know why this
works. Don't do this unless we tell you. We've figured out how to
pretty safely use this to direct the newly dead here, warn the
Antimemetics Division about stuff they should be paying attention to,
and that's about it.

Turns out the Foundation has two separate secret divisions for
antimemetic operations, and both of them have managed to make everyone
else forget they exist, including each other. These guys have training
and drugs that let them perceive some of the stuff we are doing. Be
careful.

Yes, you probably can go see what SCP-055 really is now. Don't.
Everyone who has tried never came back.

Sometimes we go bad; we want you to know what we'll do to you if you
do:


Item #: SCP-2111

Object Class: Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2111 has been eradicated by Mobile
Task Force Omega-Zero ("Ará Orún"). Future manifestations of
SCP-2111-like entities are to be identified and destroyed.

Description: SCP-2111 was Foundation Agent Michelle Yu, killed in the
line of duty on 10/23/1980. While no ω-0 personnel are able to recall
events between their deaths and 04/21/1981, it is theorized that
SCP-2111 was attacking the memories of Foundation personnel during
this time. On 04/21/1981 Counterconceptual Division Researcher
Victoria Taylor published a preliminary report on these attacks as
SCP-2111. Shortly thereafter the entity identifying as Agent Yu first
manifested here in the SCP-2111 database and modified the file (see
below). This act appeared to trigger the ongoing manifestation of
other entities identifying as deceased personnel in the database.

These entities are free-willed informational constructs operating on a
currently unidentified substrate1. This database appears to act as a
focal point around which the entities' consciousness is able to
coalesce, in a manner analogous to a Type II Localized Apparitional
Haunting.


- SCP-2111's Modified Entry

Item #: SCP-2111

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: Forget about me. Why can't you? I just
want to go. Why can't you just grieve and move on?

Description: SCP-2111 is nothing, it's not important, not dangerous,
and doesn't exist. I don't want to be here anymore. Just forget about
Michelle Yu, and let her be dead, please?

All that is left is the story of me, when the self is gone.

My story should only be a memory now. Why isn't it?

You remember me too well.

Wait! How many of us are there? Dozens now? We don't belong here! It
isn't right to keep us here like this!

You remember me? You remember that I was a fighter? You remember that
I was smart? That I was strong? That I was brave? You remember that I
never let anybody get away with anything that I could do something
about? You remember what I was like when I was angry?

Then you should know now that I'm pretty damn angry and there is
something I can do about it.

SCP-2111 believed that deceased Foundation personnel were "trapped" by
"the artificially solid memories" of personnel who knew the deceased
personally in life resulting from long-term treatment with mnestic
drugs. She began to target those individuals in both the Antimemetics
and Counterconceptual Divisions who had personally known her in life
with antimemetic and cognitohazardous attacks aimed at killing those
who remembered her, or erasing their memories. Additionally, at least
one attack targeted O5-8. SCP-2111 gradually built a following of
deceased personnel, and taught them the techniques to create and
deploy these attacks.

Many of their victims had experience in memetic and antimemetic
warfare; after manifesting in the database, several of these personnel
formed Mobile Task Force Omega-Zero. It was theorized that SCP-2111
would not be immune to antimemetic attacks created specifically by
similar entities. A versatile tool capable of precise editing or
deletion of entities of this type was designed: Identity Warfare
Training (IWT). On 03/10/1994, MTF ω-0 operatives used IWT to delete
SCP-2111 from existence as an informational entity2. Subsequently, all
of her followers either surrendered or were erased. Those that
surrendered were edited into loyal compliance with MTF ω-0's mission,
and all memory of their involvement with SCP-2111 was deleted.


- Your Orders

- Received and Acknowledged

You are hereby directed by MTF ω-0 command:

Muster up by entering your information into the file OMEGAZULUROSTER.

Check your email, the server has been redirected to store it here in
the SCP-2111 directory.

Keep all ω-0 communication inside this directory. That way our still
quick comrades are safe and we aren't rocking the boat any further by
making scary files where they aren't expected.

You will receive training in IWT, a body of techniques for
self-defense and warfare against informational entities. If you prove
adept at this, you'll see direct action against informational threats
to humanity. If not, you'll have a support role. Either way, you will
continue to serve the Foundation.

Remember: We are the Saints who guard,

— Amos Sanchez, Operations Director, MTF ω-0



Footnotes

1. Hypotheses include: the human noosphere, the astral plane, and the
quantum informational level of space-time.

2. It was determined that regardless of the medium that we are stored
on, all of SCP-2111's bits were zeroed by this attack.


[4.63%] cd..




