                                    SCP-2316                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                   Field Trip                                   
                                   ----------                                   

BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL

The following file describes a Keter-class anomalous cognitohazard,
and is Level 4/2316 classified.

Unauthorized access is forbidden.


Item #: SCP-2316 

Level 4

Containment Class: Keter 

Disruption Class: KENEQ

Risk Class: Danger

SECRET

The following file contains images and text that are carriers for anomalous 
cognitohazardous influences. You do not recognize the bodies in the water. Due 
to this, it is imperative that all personnel accessing this file be certified as 
having a Cognitive Resistance Value (CRV) of no less than 14.5. Should you fail 
an automated CRV verification, please remain calm and do not move. A member of 
your site's medical staff will be with you shortly. 

Please repeat the following phrase slowly and clearly into your terminal 
microphone: 

I do not recognize the bodies in the water.

☐ Run adjusted tonal variance processor.
☑ Processing complete. Results displayed below.
[✔] Verification complete. User CRV is within acceptable limits.

Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances are Foundation personnel 
to approach SCP-2316. Observation of SCP-2316 must only be carried out by remote 
dummy probes utilizing video and audio recording equipment. Only those personnel 
adequately rated for exposure to cognitohazardous anomalies may review footage 
and audio of SCP-2316. 

The lake in which SCP-2316 is located has been quarantined and fenced off, and 
is to be routinely patrolled by individuals who have not been exposed to 
SCP-2316, and have no prior knowledge of its characteristics. You do not 
recognize the bodies in the water. Individuals who attempt to bypass the 
enforced quarantine must be apprehended and moved to Site-33 for a full 
cognitive influence screening. Individuals who come within 50m of the lake 
containing SCP-2316 are to be considered lost. 

Please repeat the following phrase slowly and clearly into your terminal 
microphone: 

I do not recognize the bodies in the water.

☐ Run adjusted tonal variance processor.
☑ Processing complete. Results displayed below.
[✔] Verification complete. User CRV is within acceptable limits.

Description: SCP-2316 is the designation for an anomalous phenomenon existing 
within Lake ███████████ within ████████ 
County, ███████. SCP-2316 manifests as a group of human corpses1 
floating in a small group at the surface of the water. The identities of these 
corpses are [COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED] [Automated Change: UNKNOWN], though DNA 
testing has been inconclusive. 

While SCP-2316 appears to be individual instances, it is theorized that SCP-2316 
may instead be an entity composed of a collective consciousness. Individual 
instances of SCP-2316 do not act on their own, but do seem to be able to act 
collectively as a2 single unit. The individual instances of SCP-2316 are3 
unrecognizable, and you do not recognize the bodies in the water. 

SCP-2316 hosts a powerful cognitohazardous effect, causing those who have viewed 
SCP-2316, are aware of certain parts of its nature, or who were enrolled in the 
[COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED] [Automated Message: INVALID] to believe that the 
individual instances of SCP-2316 are human beings they recognize, typically from 
their childhood4. 

Attempting to come into contact with SCP-2316 instances, by way of entering Lake 
███████████ or touching an instance of SCP-2316, will 
cause other instances of SCP-2316 to appear. You do not recognize the bodies in 
the water. The additional instances only serve to reinforce and add to the 
strength of the cognitohazard5, compelling affected individuals into the lake. 
Individuals who enter the lake in this way are lost, and to date none have been 
recovered. 

Addendum 2316.1: Interview

[DATA EXPUNGED]6
     
Please repeat the following phrase slowly and clearly into your terminal 
microphone: 

I do not recognize the bodies in the water.
I recognize the bodies in the water.

☐ Run adjusted tonal variance processor.
☑ Processing complete. Results displayed below.
[✘] Verification incomplete. User CRV is not within acceptable limits. User 
CRV influenced by active cognitohazards. Please stay still, a member of your 
site's medical staf[''///afe44/25\23 will be with you shortly. 

[TERMINAL LOCKOUT]

Addendum 2316.2: INVALID ENTRY 



