                                    SCP-4163                                    
                                    ========                                    

                               The Tetris Prodigy                               
                               ------------------                               

Item #: SCP-4163 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Standard humanoid acquisition protocols for 
SCP-4163 have been suspended due the high risk of triggering an "Amber Alert" 
missing child bulletin, an event that could result in undue scrutiny and 
potential exposure of clandestine Foundation activities. As the anomalous nature 
of SCP-4163 has been deemed to pose little or no risk to the wellbeing of the 
Foundation or humanity at large, Audubon Protocol in situ human containment has 
been implemented. 

In accordance with Audubon Protocol, GPS trackers are to be covertly afixed to 
any and all vehicles owned or habitually operated by SCP-4163. The primary 
residence of SCP-4163, as well as those of known associates, is to be kept under 
internal and external 24-hour video surveillance. Bank account, credit card, 
cryptocurrency, and other financial apparatuses in use by SCP-4163 and the 
immediate family members of SCP-4163 are to be monitored for unusual activity. 
At the earliest available opportunity, a passive integrated transponder tag is 
to be covertly implanted in SCP-4163 under the guise of a standard medical 
procedure. 

All internet activity of SCP-4163 is to be recorded for analysis. Such activity 
includes, but is not limited to, live video streaming and commentary on the 
website Twitch.TV, updates and commentary on social media platforms, and weblog 
activity (see Addendum 4163-A for a comprehensive list of known internet 
presences). 

Should there be any indication that SCP-4163 has become aware of its own 
anomalous nature, Audubon Protocol is to be immediately suspended in favor of 
standard low-threat humanoid acquisition and on-site containment procedures. 

Description: SCP-4163 is an adolescent human female of hispanic ancestry, born 
in the year 2009. SCP-4163 is known to the public by the legal name "Mariana 
S███████," and currently maintains a primary residence with its 
biological parents. Save for its single anomalous property, SCP-4163 is 
physiologically and behaviorally human. Thorough reconnaissance and ongoing 
surveillance indicates that SCP-4163 is unaware of its own anomalous nature. 

SCP-4163's anomalous behavior is exhibited only when SCP-4163 achieves direct 
skin-contact with a Nintendo-brand video game system capable of running any 
variant of the game "Tetris." After contact, affected devices are permanently 
altered to allow any operator to play a "perfect game" of Tetris. Such games are 
characterized by a continuous streak of gameplay until the operator becomes too 
fatigued to continue, or the device ceases to function due to battery drain or 
mechanical malfunction. An operator's hand-eye reaction time during gameplay has 
been measured at speeds as fast as 17 milliseconds, corresponding to the 
single-frame refresh rate of many commercially available video game systems.1 

Devices affected by SCP-4163 are categorized as sub-anomalies, and are to be 
acquired for containment as they are produced. To date, SCP-4163-1 through 
SCP-4163-42 have been obtained by the Foundation. Mass spectrometry of material 
samples, X-ray microtomography of assembled units, and direct observation of 
disassembled systems display no anomalous material properties. In all non-Tetris 
respects, SCP-4163 sub-anomalies display no unusual behavior. 

Until 2021, SCP-4163 operated a sparsely-subscribed public channel on the video 
game live-streaming website Twitch.TV, through which its anomalous nature became 
known to the Foundation. Independent of Foundation activity, this channel was 
terminated due to parental intervention. To date, SCP-4163 remains largely 
unknown to the general public. 



Footnotes 

1. Under ordinary circumstances, the fastest possible motor neuron travel time 
from brain to fingertips in a healthy human is roughly 200 milliseconds. 

2. Two Nintendo Game Boy Color systems, one Nintendo DS system, and one Nintendo 
Wii system. 



Currently viewing Revision 05/11/2022 

Proceed to Revision 03/22/2023 >>> 



Item #: SCP-4163

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4163 is to be stored in a
minimum-security Site-19 humanoid anomaly containment cell,
provisioned with standard adult human nourishment and amenities. Save
for active testing of the anomaly, SCP-4163 is under no other
circumstances allowed within reach of any device capable of digital
computation. Sub-anomalies of SCP-4163, including a single instance of
SCP-4163-13 copied onto an external hard drive, are to be stored in
standard Site-19 containment lockers.

Following the widespread containment breach of SCP-4163-13, Media
Suppression personnel are to proactively police websites that could
potentially disseminate copies of the sub-anomaly. Copies of
SCP-4163-13 are to be immediately erased from any and all affected
public and private computer systems.

Description: SCP-4163 is an adolescent human female of hispanic
ancestry, born in the year 2009. SCP-4163 was known to the public by
the legal name "Mariana S███████." Save for its single anomalous
property, SCP-4163 is physiologically and behaviorally human.

SCP-4163's anomalous behavior is exhibited only when SCP-4163 achieves
direct skin-contact with any Nintendo-brand video game computer system
capable of running any variant of the game "Tetris." After contact,
affected devices are permanently altered to allow any operator to play
a "perfect game" of Tetris, maintaining a continuous streak of
gameplay until the operator becomes too fatigued to continue or the
device ceases to function. While a game is in-progress, operators
exhibit muscle reaction times several orders of magnitude faster of an
ordinary human, limited only by the hardware refresh rate of the given
device. Affected devices display no anomalous behavioral properties
other than those described above. These devices are categorized as
sub-anomalies of SCP-4163.

There are 17 known sub-anomalies of SCP-4163, three of which were
produced during post-acquisition testing. Save for SCP-4163-13, all
such sub-anomalies have been secured by the Foundation. The anomalous
properties of these units are not limited to the physical container
within which they were created, but rather are intrinsic to the
digital presence of the device.

SCP-4163-13 is a digital disk image file of a personal computer hard
drive. When burned to suitable storage media, SCP-4163-13 behaves as a
standard boot drive running the Ubuntu Linux operating system. New
copies of SCP-4163-13 display the same anomalous Tetris behavior as
all other sub-anomalies of SCP-4163.

Prior to acquisition by the Foundation, SCP-4163-13 was uploaded to a
high-traffic file sharing website. Following public exposure on
weblogs and news websites, the anomalous properties of SCP-4163-13
have become known to the general public, though knowledge of the
humanoid nature of SCP-4163 and the existence of the Foundation have
been successfully suppressed. It is estimated that there are upwards
of 10,000 extant copies of SCP-4163-13 on private computer systems, a
number that has increased steadily over time. Complete containment of
SCP-4163-13 has been deemed extremely unlikely by the Media
Suppression Department, and SCP-4163 has thus been assigned Keter
status, despite its relatively harmless nature.



Currently viewing Revision 03/22/2023

Proceed to Revision 06/19/2025 >>>


Item #: SCP-4163

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4163 is to be stored in a
minimum-security Site-19 humanoid anomaly containment cell,
provisioned with standard adult human nourishment and amenities.
SCP-4163 is under no circumstances allowed within reach of any device
capable of digital computation. Sub-anomalies of SCP-4163, including a
single instance of SCP-4163-13 copied onto an external hard drive, are
to be stored in standard Site-19 containment lockers. A copy of
SCP-4163-13 is to be made available for tactical use only by direct
authorization of the O5 Council.

Following the catastrophic containment breach of SCP-4163-13 and the
subsequent IK-Class Collapse Of Global Civilization Event, Cold Silver
protocol was initiated by order of the O5 Council. All personnel are
instructed to immediately retreat to the nearest nuclear-hardened
Federation facility. Weapons, hand-to-hand combat, wilderness
survival, and basic agricultural training are freely available to any
and all Federation citizens. Failure to abide by O5 instruction will
be met by punishment up to and including summary execution by MTF-██

With concentrated effort by the Federation as a whole, the O5 Council
has determined that a new global order may be restored within the next
20 to 30 years. All Federation efforts from the present day onwards
are to be dedicated to this end.

Description: SCP-4163 is an adolescent human female of hispanic
ancestry, born in the year 2009. SCP-4163 was known to the public by
the legal name "Mariana S███████." Save for its single anomalous
property, SCP-4163 is physiologically and behaviorally human.

SCP-4163's anomalous behavior is exhibited only when SCP-4163 achieves
direct skin-contact with any Nintendo-brand computer system capable of
running any variant of the game "Tetris." After contact, affected
devices are permanently altered to allow any operator to play a
"perfect game" of Tetris, maintaining a continuous streak of gameplay
until the operator becomes too fatigued to continue or the device
ceases to function. While a game is in-progress, operators exhibit
muscle reaction times several orders of magnitude faster of an
ordinary human, limited only by the hardware refresh rate of the given
device. Affected devices display no anomalous behavioral properties
other than those described above. These devices are categorized as
sub-anomalies of SCP-4163.

There are 17 known sub-anomalies of SCP-4163, three of which were
produced during post-acquisition testing. Save for SCP-4163-13, all
such sub-anomalies have been secured by the Foundation. The anomalous
properties of these units are not limited to the physical container
within which they were created, but rather are intrinsic to the
digital presence of the device.

SCP-4163-13 is a digital disk image file of a personal computer hard
drive. When burned to suitable storage media, SCP-4163-13 behaves as a
standard boot drive running the Ubuntu Linux operating system. New
copies of SCP-4163-13 display the same anomalous Tetris behavior as
all other sub-anomalies of SCP-4163.

Due to the mathematically NP-complete nature of "offline Tetris," a
version of the game wherein a finite sequence of known blocks is
pre-programmed into a round of gameplay1, SCP-4163-13 can be adapted
to solve, in linear time, any mathematical problem in the NP domain.
In effect, a suitable sequence of Tetris blocks can be used to
represent any NP-hard problem, and the set of moves utilized to play
the best possible game of Tetris with those blocks can be interpreted
to represent the answer to this problem. One such NP-hard problem is
the factorization of large numbers, a computationally difficult
process that had been used as the basis for many modern cryptosystems
before the containment breach of SCP-4163-13.

A simple computer program of unknown provenance capable of encoding
cryptographic keys into Tetris sequences has been widely distributed
among the general population. This program, alongside instances of
SCP-4163-13, has seen extensive use among both government and private
entities. The subsequent worldwide catastrophe has been designated as
an in-progress IK-Class Collapse Of Global Civilization Event.

Virtually all modern cryptosystems, including those used by financial
institutions, governments, private individuals, terrorist cells, and
the former SCP Foundation, have been rendered obsolete. Global
financial collapse is currently in-progress. Fiat currencies minted by
nation-states have been rendered worthless, crytpocurrencies have
become unreliable due to the non-secure and widely-inaccessible nature
of the Internet, and competing ad hoc currencies based on precious
metal standards have begun to emerge.

Widespread insurrection and civil war has become the de facto standard
in most developed regions, with total anarchy holding sway over much
of the world. While no known nuclear attacks have thus-far occurred,
it was widely reported that the former United States, the People's
Republic of China, and several other defunct nation-states had readied
their nuclear arsenals for immediate deployment shortly before their
national dissolutions.

Many, but not all, of the world's nuclear launch sites are now under
direct Federation control, with launch authorization to be delegated
by the O5 Council as appropriate. The retrieval of any and all extant
weapons of mass destruction outside of Federation containment,
including biological, chemical, and memetic weaponry, is tasked to
MTF-██.

The SCP Foundation has been dissolved. Former Foundation Sites and
activities are now under the jurisdiction of the SCP Federation.
Former Foundation personnel have revoked their citizenships to any
countries that still maintain sovereignty, and have been granted
citizenship of the SCP Federation, pending appropriate vetting.

We will Secure. We will Contain. We will Prevail.
— O5-█, Director of the SCP Federation.


Footnotes

1. E. D. Demaine, S. Hohenberger, and D. Liben-Nowell. Tetris is hard,
even to approximate. Computing Research Repository,
arXiv:cs.CC/0106009, 2002. (available at http://arXiv.org/)



Currently viewing Revision 06/19/2025

Proceed to Revision 09/26/2106 >>>



Item #: SCP-4163

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: The primary anomaly categorized as
SCP-4163 has been neutralized. No extraordinary containment procedures
are necessary to secure the anomaly's bodily remains, which were
interred in the Cook Federal Cemetery shortly postmortem. The
gravesite of SCP-4163 is to be guarded at all times by four armed
members of the Federation Honor Guard, with limited public access
granted on a once-yearly basis for ceremonial Founders' Day activities
on June 19th.

SCP-4163-1 through SCP-4163-22 are on public display in the Mariana
Santiago Memorial Museum1, secured by standard motion detection and
personal recognition anti-theft systems. Further documented
sub-anomalies of SCP-4163 are stored in all secure Federation Sites,
as well as several public museums, private collections, research
institutions, universities, and corporate campuses. While an unknown
number of sub-anomalies exist in the hands of private individuals, the
unregulated and easily duplicable status of sub-anomalies of SCP-4163
makes precise categorization impractical.

Description: SCP-4163 was an adult human female of hispanic ancestry,
born in the year 2009 and deceased in the year 2106, age 97. SCP-4163
was known to the public by the legal name "Mariana Santiago." Save for
its single anomalous property, SCP-4163 was physiologically and
behaviorally human. Autopsy results document cause of death as
respiratory failure following voluntary termination of life support,
as directed by consensus of the immediate biological descendants of
SCP-4163.

SCP-4163 is survived by two children, three grandchildren, and one
great-grandchild, none of whom display any anomalous properties.2

SCP-4163's anomalous behavior was exhibited only when SCP-4163
achieved direct skin-contact with any computer system capable of
running any variant of the game "Tetris." After contact, affected
devices are permanently altered to allow any operator to play a
"perfect game" of Tetris, maintaining a continuous streak of gameplay
until the operator becomes too fatigued to continue or the device
ceases to function. While a game is in-progress, operators exhibit
muscle reaction times several orders of magnitude faster of an
ordinary human, limited only by the hardware refresh rate of the given
device. Affected devices display no anomalous behavioral properties
other than those described above. These devices are categorized as
sub-anomalies of SCP-4163.

There are more than 500 known sub-anomalies of SCP-4163, many of which
were produced during post-acquisition testing. The anomalous
properties of these units are not limited to the physical container
within which they were created, but rather are intrinsic to the
digital presence of the device.

Due to the mathematically NP-complete nature of "offline Tetris," a
version of the game wherein a finite sequence of known blocks is
pre-programmed into a round of gameplay3, SCP-4163-13 can be adapted
to solve, in linear time, any mathematical problem in the NP domain.
In effect, a suitable sequence of Tetris blocks can be used to
represent any NP-hard problem, and the set of moves utilized to play
the best possible game of Tetris with those blocks can be interpreted
to represent the answer to this problem. One such NP-hard problem is
the factorization of large numbers, a computationally difficult
process that had been used as the basis for many antiquated
cryptosystems before the containment breach of SCP-4163-13.

A simple computer program of unknown provenance capable of encoding
cryptographic keys into Tetris sequences was widely distributed among
the general population. This program, alongside instances of
SCP-4163-13, saw extensive use among both government and private
entities. The subsequent worldwide catastrophe was at that time
designated as an in-progress IK-Class Collapse Of Global Civilization
Event, prior to the establishment of a global Federation and a return
to stability within the following seventeen years.

Technological advances made possible by SCP-4163 have been largely
responsible for establishing the status quo of contemporary society.
Linear-time solutions to NP-hard optimization problems have led to the
development of sentient machine intelligences capable of live semantic
language and vision recognition, as well as near-perfect predictive
power over phenomena that previously required extremely
computationally-intensive simulation. The resulting epochal leap in
human- and machine-kind's progress is categorized by the modern day
mastery of genetic engineering, robotics, nanotechnology, spaceflight,
musical composition, medicine, poetry, transportation algorithms,
visual arts, and virtual reality, among many other disciplines.

The SCP Foundation has been dissolved. Former Foundation Sites and
activities are now under the jurisdiction of the SCP Federation.
Following the Kepler Convention of 2042, the SCP Federation has
relinquished its Systemic hegemony and deferred to the authority of
the Council of Free Nations. From its sovereign Lunar headquarters in
Site-20, the Federation provides voluntary neutral arbitration in
matters of international conflict, and maintains System-wide authority
over the containment of anomalous entities and objects.

While the substantial contributions of the Federation to the
reinstatement of organized society in the Solar System are widely
recognized, the Federation’s roots in the clandestine activities of
the former SCP Foundation have not been overlooked. The Kepler
Convention’s condemnation of the Federation’s presumption of absolute
authority sought to reestablish the fundamental ethos of the original
Foundation — the defense of civilization by bearing the burdens of
humanity. Therefore, in accordance with the Santiago Declaration, the
sole mission of the SCP Federation, superseding all other
considerations, is threefold:

Secure.

Contain.

Protect.



Footnotes

1. Formerly known as the Museum of the Federation, renamed shortly
after the death of SCP-4163.

2. Notably, the eldest granddaughter of SCP-4163, Elizabeth Santiago
Velásquez, is at present time serving as SCP Federation Ambassador to
the Republic of Greater Yucatán.

3. E. D. Demaine, S. Hohenberger, and D. Liben-Nowell. Tetris is hard,
even to approximate. Computing Research Repository,
arXiv:cs.CC/0106009, 2002. (available at http://arXiv.org/)



Currently viewing Revision 09/26/2106
No further documentation available


