                                    SCP-1082                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                The Whole Truth                                 
                                ---------------                                 

Item #: SCP-1082 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1082 is to be stored in a triple-locked safe 
in a containment chamber at Site 38. The item is to be left in containment 
except for testing purposes indefinitely; no testing or access is authorized at 
any time. This document is to be compiled through interviews with affected 
personnel and access to Document 1082-25. Any personnel coming into contact with 
SCP-1082 are to be interviewed and given a Class-B amnestic, by force if 
necessary. Images of SCP-1082 are to be used only for testing purposes No images 
of SCP-1082 are to be produced or stored at any time, with the exception of a 
single picture appended to Document 1082-25. 

Description: SCP-1082 appears to be a [DATA REDACTED] capable of causing a 
particular memetic phenomenon. This effect has been detected in individuals 
looking at SCP-1082, individuals in the same room as SCP-1082, individuals 
viewing images of SCP-1082, and those that have engaged in conversation with 
affected individuals. There is a slight risk of contamination from discussing 
the nature of the object SCP-1082 appears to be; therefore, it is to be 
mentioned only as "SCP-1082" or "the object". The effect can be negated through 
use of Class-B amnestic agents. 

The effect associated with exposure to SCP-1082 takes the form of a compulsive 
inability to lie or express any nonliteral statement. Affected individuals 
likewise demonstrate an intolerance toward "political correctness", polite 
obfuscation, or technical language used to mislead others. Written documents by 
affected individuals bear some linguistic similarities to the speech of 
individuals with autistic spectrum disorders, often written in a frantic tone 
and typically eschewing contractions. In early stages, the frustration felt by 
affected individuals comes primarily in the form of verbal protest and 
annoyance; however, in advanced stages of the disorder, affected individuals can 
become physically violent toward those expressing false or misleading views. 
Individuals suffering from this phenomenon are unable to describe SCP-1082 as an 
"object," referring to it instead only as the item it appears to be. 

Individuals not treated with amnestic agents within forty-eight hours begin to 
display secondary symptoms. These symptoms take the form of an attack of 
delusional paranoia, convincing affected individuals that a mysterious worldwide 
conspiracy exists to suppress knowledge of SCP-1082 and preserve what they 
believe to be a "status quo" based on deception, to the detriment of the human 
race. Due to current Foundation efforts to contain SCP-1082, affected 
individuals begin to demonstrate particular resentment toward the Foundation and 
Foundation personnel. The culmination of this resentment in all cases leads to 
violent attempts to breach containment for SCP-1082 and expose as many 
individuals as possible to its effects. 


Addendum 1082-1: During initial containment of SCP-1082, an agent who had 
inadvertently exposed himself to its effects was tasked with the composition of 
the initial draft of this report. While the resulting report was completely 
unusable for effective documentation of the phenomenon, the document serves as a 
useful depiction of the phenomenon's effects. Despite attempts to modify the 
image, individuals reading Document 1082-25 have a █% chance of becoming 
exposed to its effects; those testing positive for SCP-1082 exposure (determined 
through post-exposure interviews) must be administered amnestic agents 
immediately after viewing the document. The file can be read here. Please keep 
the altered mental state of the author in mind during reading. 


Document 1082-25

The following report was authored by Agent ████, one of the top
personnel involved in the containment of SCP-1082. Despite being
contaminated by the object, the agent was able to disguise his
symptoms long enough to compose and publish this report. The
publication of this document on open servers resulted in a containment
breach, infecting ██ Foundation personnel. All affected personnel have
since been recaptured and given amnestic agents. Agent ████ resisted
containment and was terminated.


These words are written about the book also known as SCP-1082

By the standards of the intended audience of these words, the book can
also be described as Safe

Presupposing that one wished to stop others from gaining access to the
book, the way it could be accomplished would be that This book is to
be locked in a metal box that cannot be opened except through the use
of three different methods, with the intent that this make the book
difficult to access. The box that this book is kept in is itself to be
kept in a room in a building known as Site 38, particularly at the
coordinates of [REDACTED FOR SECURITY PURPOSES]. As the above-listed
requirements should make clear, the Foundation for which I work does
not want anyone to use or get at the book unless those people are
scientists that work for the Foundation and are using the book only to
find out more about the book so as to better keep others from getting
to the book. Pictures that people take of the book also can have the
same effect that the book has, but I don't think they know that yet,
because I decided not to tell them. I think I might tell them
tomorrow, but I also may not tell them at all.

If I were to describe the book, I might do so by saying that This book
is a copy of The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger. The title page
of the book has been signed by the author and an inscription at the
bottom of the title page has on it the words "To Jack, here's to
making the world better." The words on its copyright page indicate
that the book was printed in 1977 in Chicago.

The book keeps you honest. Not only can you not lie, you cannot avoid
the truth no matter what you do. There are many ways to deceive
others, and once you see this book, you are no longer capable of any
of them. You cannot lie to people by telling them untrue things or lie
by choosing not to tell them some things or lie by saying words that
mean different things than what is the truth. Pictures of the book do
the same thing. There's a picture that I have attached to this report,
because I want to make everyone see the world like this. I guess
tricking is okay, or else it is not tricking if I tell you what I am
doing.

I just want you to know also that honesty makes us feel better than we
ever thought possible. The Foundation is a stack of lies and
half-truths, built to protect an entire world built on phoniness and
deception. I do not know how long I have before my employers capture
and kill me, but there is still time if we move quickly.

Is it possible for you imagine a world in which lying is impossible?
You should forget what the Foundation tells you about "containment"
and "security"; all that they want is dominion over the tower of
falsehoods that rule the world, no matter the cost. Half of what you
"know" about the Foundation's artifacts is designed to scare you into
going along with the cover-up; the truth is, the Foundation has taken
so many beautiful tools, tools that could help the human race, and
stuck them in vaults underground.

Get this file, or at least the picture, and show it to as many people
as possible. Before they stop you. I will be dead by the time you read
this, but it will be worth it. The truth is always worth it.

Please tell them the truth.


