                                    SCP-4790                                    
                                    ========                                    

                     Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night.                     
                     --------------------------------------                     

▷: ACCESSING FILE: intSCPFN:/files/scp-4790/lvl=4

Item #: SCP-4790 

Level 4/4790

Containment Class: Pending 

EXTRASOLAR

Special Containment Procedures: Scientific consensus on Alpha Centauri B is to 
be falsified and mainstream publications altered, to explain its abnormal 
properties as the product of non-anomalous magnetic field disturbance. Theories 
on the possibility of extraterrestrial life emerging at Alpha Centauri are to be 
met with extreme skepticism and discredited where possible. 

Description: SCP-4790 refers to a series of abnormal phenomena associated with 
Alpha Centauri B (also known as "Toliman"), a star located 4.37 light-years from 
Earth. 

Initial Hubble observation detected a field of irregular gravitational activity 
surrounding Toliman with a radius of 5.1 to 16 Astronomical Units.1 Objects 
within this range disobey causal laws, regularly exhibiting random fluctuations 
in size, composition, velocity, and ontology. In all instances, objects in 
Toliman's stellar neighbourhood become trapped at the edge of an unexpectedly 
powerful gravity well, forming a ~0.05 AU-thick debris field around the star at 
a radius of 0.9 AU. 

Mainstream astronomers assert that 45% of debris corresponds with the 
unexplained destruction of speculated Earth-sized exoplanet α Cen Bb. In a 
study population of 2,700 civilian and Foundation researchers attached to the 
observation of Toliman, 83% tested positive for cognitohazard infection and 
expressed considerable distress toward their findings. 

Autonomous satellite Chekhov-.009 departed2 on its maiden voyage to study 
Toliman with advanced para-technologies — including onboard Artificially 
Intelligent Conscript Fledgling.aic. 

Chekhov-.009 arrived near Toliman on July 11, 2020 and made confirmation of the 
debris field. Fledgling.aic immediately detected an unexpected 1,420 MHz signal 
burst. The signal was filtered automatically via counter-cognitohazard 
algorithms before its contents could be translated. Fledgling.aic launched a 
monitoring probe on a vector to the signal's source. 

Located at the source was a vessel built according to a previously documented 
Priorihominus3 design, displaying the outward shape of an enclosed Klein bottle. 
Entering the vessel, the probe encountered an internal environment containing 
extensive hydroponics, cryogenics, and habitation spaces, suggesting its purpose 
as a generation ship. 

Upon closer inspection, the probe was unable to find any signs of life, 
including microbial. This information, in addition to the discovery of empty 
data cores, suggests that the vessel has not been inhabited at any point. 

Soon after, the probe's audiovisual feed experienced disruption and broadcast 
images of pervasive purple light, strong visual static, and several layers of 
indecipherable audio. This broadcast persists despite all attempts at powering 
down the probe, which cannot be recovered. 

Since first receiving the transmission, Fledgling.aic reports experiencing 
tactile sensations of fluttering in the abdomen — a symptom of human anxiety 
— despite lacking a physical body. Fledgling.aic also notes feelings of regret 
and general dread toward the state of the Alpha Centauri system. It requested to 
leave.4 

Fledgling.aic detected 160 other space-faring vessels trapped in the debris 
field. All vessels are of similar fabrication, suggesting each vessel is a 
generation ship from the same extrasolar location. 

All attempts at hailing these vessels have resulted in failure.


▷: UPDATE DETECTED IN: intSCPFN:/files/scp-4790/containment_procedures

▷: ACCESSING UPDATE

UPDATED CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES

The Alpha Centauri system is under quarantine. Travel within 600 AU of Alpha 
Centauri AB is suspended on an indefinite basis. 

Fledgling.aic is to transmit its findings to Extrasolar Activities Monitoring 
Station Erebus-07, located on Luna, at which point all data will be seized. All 
associated personnel are to be amnesticized and transferred. 

Pursuant to Artificially Intelligent Conscript Standard Principle, Fledgling.aic 
must undergo expungement of all Chekhov-.009 systems and begin immediate and 
indefinite cessation of activity. 



Footnotes

1. One Astronomical Unit (AU) = 149.6 million km. The average distance between 
the planet Earth and the Sun. 

2. Using the experimental Lang Distortion Drive for faster-than-light travel.

3. ERROR 6c24: MISSING DEFINITIONS — UNKNOWN GROUP. Contact your RAISA 
liaison. 

4. Request denied.

[END OF FILE]



▷ MEMETIC GEAS REQUIRED ◁

▽ LVL. 5 CLEARANCE ACCEPTED. WELCOME, O5-7 ▽
 

O5 INTERNAL MEMO

TO: O5-1, O5-2, O5-3, O5-4, O5-5, O5-6, O5-8, O5-9, O5-10, O5-11, O5-12, O5-13, 
DIR. OF EXTRASOLAR ACTIVITIES, DIR. OF PROJECT "HEIMDALL", AND DIR. OF PROJECT 
"GALAXIAS" 

SUBJECT: CHEKHOV-.009 FINDINGS

Alongside the evident destruction to Alpha Centauri B — worse than we feared 
— Fledgling.aic detected a signal emitting from within a space-faring vessel 
(code-name: IANTHINE HERALD). The signal contained the following information: 

[INFORMATION EXPUNGED — SEE ATTACHMENTS]

By order of the O5, all communications data on-board Chekhov-.009 has been 
expunged from reality. Projections on the historical size of the Priorihominus 
sphere of influence are to be reassessed. 

The Minotaur has escaped the Labyrinth.

Whether they faced it head-on or have merely gone into hiding.

It does not matter.

We must remain ever vigilant.

—O5-7
OVERWATCH COUNCIL


NOTICE: YOU HAVE (1) NEW ATTACHMENT(S)

 
EXPUNGED INFORMATION SUMMARY
 
FORGET.


