                                    SCP-5035                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                  The Freedman                                  
                                  ------------                                  

Item #: SCP-5035 

Level 3

Containment Class: Euclid 

Disruption Class: KENEQ

Risk Class: Danger

CONFIDENTIAL

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5035 is to be kept in a specially designed 
containment chamber located 5 km below sub-level 9C at Area-179. The chamber is 
outfitted with a Chalmez-Forte Matter Stabilizing Stasis Gate. 

Following Incident I5035-A, access to SCP-5035 for any purpose is denied to all 
personnel. 

Access to SCP-5035 is limited to members of Project CHARON.

SCP-5035-A and SCP-5035-B instances are to be collected and held in Dangerous 
Goods Storage Block 17C according to the Biosafety Level 3 standard. 

In the event of a containment breach, all museums and institutions falling under 
Protocol 5035-CB are to be put under Foundation surveillance until SCP-5035 can 
successfully be contained. MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") are assigned to the 
recapture of SCP-5035 due to the risk of hazardous materials potentially 
manifested by SCP-5035-A and SCP-5035-B. 

Description: SCP-5035 is a plaster and cloth statue depicting an 
African-American male wearing 19th century period accurate clothing. Attempts to 
remove SCP-5035's clothing have proven futile, as the anomaly is capable of 
quickly generating a new set using its own internal materials to enact 
SCP-5035-B. 

SCP-5035 spontaneously appears in museum diorama scenes relating to the American 
Civil War. This begins a process observed to take from one hour to seven months 
in completion- termed an "Infestation Event"- that results in the creation of 
SCP-5035-A and SCP-5035-B. Those observing the diorama prior to the completion 
of an Infestation Event do not notice the presence of SCP-5035 unless explicitly 
told to. 

SCP-5035 will change the physical properties and appearances of objects making 
up the diorama to that of their real life counterparts. These transformed 
objects are referred to as SCP-5035-A. SCP-5035 also has the ability to modify 
existing objects in mass and position- taking on the appearance of entirely new 
objects. Modified objects are referred to as SCP-5035-B. For examples of these 
instances, refer to “Infestation Events Log” below. 

Following a transformation, SCP-5035 will cause the object to rapidly decompose. 
An Infestation Event is considered complete when SCP-5035 stops creating 
instances of SCP-5035-A and SCP-5035-B. Upon completion, SCP-5035 will remain in 
the diorama until its effects are observed by a certain number of persons. The 
criteria- if any- for how SCP-5035 decides this is unknown, but can be inferred 
that it is based on the size and scale of the Infestation Event. 

SCP-5035 transforms and manipulates a diorama as an apparent form of 
communication, and the object appears to identify itself with an African 
American freedman. The end result is that of a calculated work intended to be 
interpreted by the observer. Upon the completion of an Infestation Event, 
SCP-5035 will manifest itself at a new location to repeat the process. Despite 
appearing only in the United States, studies show no discernible travel pattern. 

- Document 5035-II-40022 – Infestation Events Log

- Incident Report I5035-A

@

WARNING: THE FOLLOWING ADDENDUM IS LEVEL #4/5035 CLASSIFIED
ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/5035 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE 
LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION. 
ID	
a.starse@rsrch.scp.net
PASSWORD	
•••••••••
Login

FROM: Dr. Edward T. Dune

TO: Director Roman Barrow, Area-179

SUBJECT: Neutralization Appeal re:SCP-5035

Director Barrow,

You're damn lucky we caught that thing when we did, Roman. You can give Martin's 
team shit for whatever you'd like, but when someone flies a jet out to Site 89 
to get a goddamned Stasis Gate and a CPR approval in under twelve hours, they're 
doing a fine job in my book. Yes, I know I'm making you look incompetent. Yes, 
I'm aware this will show up in the Level 4 file and potentially cost you your 
position. No, I don't care. I mean, we hypothesized that the object could 
potentially redirect its effects towards Foundation containment months ago. 
Christ, Roman- take one look at how it reacted to plastic- all because it was 
dressed up in a fucking Union outfit. You and the entire financial committee let 
our Beta-Urgent Update proposals collect dust in document-limbo for months. A 
budget cut cost Julie her life. Let that sink in for a second, you twat. 

However, I didn't write this just to berate you anymore than I usually do, 
Director. I'd like you to consider something. This object, while successfully 
contained now, is clearly capable of understanding subtext and loves analogous 
symbolism so much that I originally figured the thing belonged to those Are We 
Played Out Yet? fuckers. It's been redirecting its attention from the Civil War 
and the injustices of slavery to a different form of enslavement- the 
containment of anomalies. 

Consider the scene it had been constructing before we put a stop to it.

Consider that, while the object is in motion stasis, it still may be capable of 
"thinking". 

Consider- assuming the above is true- how pissed off it is right now.

Director, that thing is sitting in stasis thinking about all of the different 
ways it can kill us. Want to see an entire site turned into a piece of social 
commentary? How about a security team's insides turned out? Crude drawings of 
the O5 Council carved into your goddamned chest with a knife fashioned from your 
toenail? The second a containment breach occurs, or we deactivate that stasis 
gate, that thing is teleporting the hell out of Area-179, and manifesting itself 
at another Foundation establishment. I do not think that's a situation you want 
on your hands. 

We can't experiment with it anymore, it's just learning to hate us, it's a 
massive liability to keep around, and it's utterly pointless to pour resources 
into it. There's no tip-toeing around it- SCP-5035 must be neutralized. Need I 
say more? 

Sincerely Yours,

Dr. Edward T. Dune


FROM: Director Roman Barrow, Area-179

TO: Dr. Edward T. Dune

SUBJECT: DENIED- Neutralization Appeal Re:SCP-5035

Dr. Dune,

I have worked with The Foundation for exactly 30 years. I've met minds more 
brilliant than I could ever hope to be, learned more about the true nature of 
this reality than I could ever have imagined, and experienced countless horrors 
untold. 

I have never been more disrespected, belittled, and humiliated than from the 
verbal abuse you continuously hurl at me with zero discretion. If not for 
reasons clear to both you and I that do not need restating here, I would've had 
you terminated years ago. That being said, Doctor- I reject your neutralization 
appeal. 

Now, before you call the state of my hair to attention and accuse me of sexual 
relations with someone's mother- as you've done oh-so-many times before- allow 
me to elaborate. 

SCP-5035 is not averted to the Foundation as much as it is to the idea of 
containment. Look around you- The Foundation is far from the only group 
interested in anomalies. SCP-5035 appears to possess some sort of cognizance- so 
why not attempt to communicate with it? Imagine redirecting that resentment away 
from ourselves and towards a more deserving target. Provided we crack the code, 
the nature of SCP-5035 may prove advantageous for us in the future. 

The existence and growing influence of groups of interest is impeding The 
Foundation's mission heavily. We've grazed conflict far too frequently as of 
recent. We live in a world of ideological struggle, and we are rapidly 
accelerating towards the collapse. Mark my words, Doctor- there will come a 
tipping point, and it’s our job to be prepared. I reject your appeal, and in 
place issue an official Directorial Order for an immediate project planning 
meeting regarding a new testing program to be enacted on SCP-5035. You and your 
team are to await further details. I'll be seeing you soon, Doctor. 

Regards,

Director Roman Barrow, Area-179


