                                    SCP-4568                                    
                                    ========                                    

                          Dilemma of the Twin Serpents                          
                          ----------------------------                          

NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are accessing an archived version of the documentation for
SCP-4568, dated November 6, 1997. An archive of relevant revisions is
included for purposes of context and analysis.

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA


Item #: SCP-4568 

Object Class: Keter 

Special Containment Procedures: A disinformation campaign is ongoing to provide 
a natural justification for any seismic activity caused by SCP-4568; currently, 
this is attributed to the interaction of three concurrent tectonic plates near 
SCP-4568's main area of activity. 

The building codes in countries affected by SCP-4568 (mainly continental Chile, 
the west of Argentina, Peru and Bolivia) is to be designed to ensure that 
buildings are able to withstand earthquakes of up to Class VII on the Modified 
Mercalli seismic intensity scale. Foundation personnel embedded in the security 
and emergency services of the affected countries are to direct evacuation and 
rescue efforts whenever necessary in order to reduce the impact of SCP-4568 and 
prevent a Broken Masquerade scenario. 

Attempts to design a predictive model of the active periods of SCP-4568 and 
proper countermeasures to such activity are ongoing. Experimentation with 
Safe-class anomalies such as SCP-███ is authorised to devise an adequate 
containment or neutralization procedure. 

Description: SCP-4568 is a massive, subterranean, serpentine entity which 
inhabits below the Andean mountain range in South America. Current estimates 
indicate a length of at least 500 km and a width of around 20 km. The entity 
is animate and autonomous and is composed of molten rock, highly compressed 
sediments, various metals, and ice. Sonar analysis reveals the existence of 
potentially artificial structures, resembling clockwork, gears and primitive 
circuits, along the body of the entity; these structures have no identified 
purpose and do not seem to be the mechanism behind the autonomous movement of 
SCP-4568. 

SCP-4568 remains dormant most of the time. However, at certain periods the 
entity displaces itself along the Andean mountain range. Due to its massive 
size, this usually results in large-scale seismic activity, with magnitude 
proportional to the degree of displacement. Pattern analysis suggests that these 
movements are in response to an unknown trigger and the seismic activity is 
intentionally caused by SCP-4568, instead of being just an accidental byproduct. 
The purpose, if there is any, is unknown; due to the large amount of casualties 
caused by SCP-4568, the entity is presumed to be hostile. It is unknown if 
SCP-4568 is sapient. 

Due to the inherent uncontainability of the entity itself, containment currently 
focuses on the study of SCP-4568 and mitigation of the aftereffects of its 
activity. So far, the following observations have been made: 

The entity does not follow a consistent pattern of movement and appears to enter 
an active state in response to an unknown external stimulus. It is believed that 
this indicates a degree of sentience and a potential objective or purpose. 

Minor tremors caused by SCP-4568 during periods of lesser activity (i.e. outside 
of its movement patterns) follow a positive-entropy1 pattern, lacking the 
characteristics of white noise. This suggests that they may be intended as a 
form of communication, and thus that SCP-4568 may be a sapient entity. So far 
these messages, if they are an actual form of communication, have not been 
deciphered. 

Abnormal oceanic activity has been observed after SCP-4568's active state. It is 
unknown if this is a normal aftereffect of the seismic activity or caused by 
another factor. 

Correlations have been found between SCP-4568's description and the local 
mythology of SCP-4568's area of activity. It is unknown how native inhabitants 
of this zone would have had the means to detect SCP-4568 and describe it; 
however, this, in addition to the aforementioned oceanic activity, imply that 
[DATA EXPUNGED]2. Preventive countermeasures are currently under study. 


Addendum 4568-1: Containment/Neutralization Proposal 

Due to the aforementioned observations about SCP-4568, its inherent 
uncontainability via conventional methods, and its high threat level towards the 
civilian population, Senior Researcher Javier Carreño has proposed a set of 
Extraordinary Special Containment Procedures based on key assumptions on the 
behavior of the entity. 

To the O5 Council, 

Based on the assumptions listed below: 

that SCP-4568 is a sapient entity, 

that it has a psychological profile similar enough to human baseline to have 
developed some form of linguistic skillset, 

that it is actively hostile to humankind, 

and that its active periods may lead to catastrophic containment breaches and 
massive loss of human life (see SCP-4568's file revision dated 23/05/1960), 

I, in representation of the SCP-4568 Research Team, posit that SCP-4568 should 
be temporarily or permanently neutralized, as standard containment is 
impossible. Given the lack of physical methods of containment, I propose the 
usage of hostile memetic constructs, up to and including Berryman-Langford 
memetic kill agents, combined with the usage of anomalous objects SCP-███, 
SCP-███ and SCP-████ in order to project this memetic payload to 
SCP-4568 while minimizing accidental exposure to civilians or Foundation 
personnel. 

Due to the extremely intensive logistics involved in this neutralization 
proposal, we currently do not have the resources to enact it immediately. We 
propose a passive and gradual preparation of these Extraordinary Special 
Containment Procedures, which would additionally provide a way to closely 
monitor SCP-4568 activity. Formal activation of the neutralization procedure 
would occur as soon as possible and would be accelerated in response to an 
Emergency Level 4 or higher civilian threat. It is expected that these 
countermeasures will be ready to deploy in around 10 to 15 years. 

Javier Carreño Vásquez 

SCP-4568 Research Lead 



Footnotes 

1. Information entropy is a measurement of the complexity, randomness or 
predictability of a pattern, sequence or signal. 

2. Declassified by SCP-4568's former Research Lead Javier Carreño on March 1, 
2010, due to tangible evidence confirming this hypothesis. 


This procedure is currently under review by the O5 Council. 

Next revision ▶ 



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are accessing an archived emergency revision of the documentation
for SCP-4568, dated February 27, 2010. An archive of relevant
revisions is included for purposes of context and analysis.

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA


Item #: SCP-4568

Object Class: Keter Tiamat	

Threat Level: ● Red ● Black	

Research Lead:

Javier Carreño Vásquez


Clearance Level: 0/Declassified	

Special Containment Procedures: [EMERGENT BEHAVIOR DETECTED. CURRENTLY
UNDER EMERGENCY REVISION]

All Foundation personnel stationed in the coastal regions of Chile,
Peru and Ecuador are to evacuate immediately towards high ground
(Emergency Level 5), assisting, if possible, the evacuation of
civilians. This alert is extended to other Foundation personnel
located in the coastal regions of the Pacific Ocean, including the
United States of America, Canada, Japan, Southeast Asia, and Oceania.

Given the current predictive model, Foundation personnel are to
prepare to enact the Ennui Protocol if SCP-4568-2 continues its
activity unimpeded. Countermeasures to prevent a GK-Class "Hostile
Greenhouse" Scenario are ongoing.

Description: [EMERGENT BEHAVIOR DETECTED. CURRENTLY UNDER EMERGENCY REVISION]

[PREVIOUS DESCRIPTION UNCHANGED — COLLAPSED]

Emergency Addendum 4568-2: Current predictive models for SCP-4568
indicated an anticipated period of high activity starting at around
25/02/2010 and estimated to result in high seismic activity (with a
magnitude nearing 7 Mw). As the Extraordinary Special Containment
Procedures proposal by Senior Researcher Carreño was approaching
completion, O5 Command approved the enactement of such procedures in
order to prevent the loss of civilian life. These procedures were
enacted on 24/02/2010.

While the memetic injection failed to fully neutralize SCP-4568, it
succeeded in temporarily incapacitating it, rendering it unconscious
for around eight hours. Upon recovering consciousness, SCP-4568
initiated a series of small but continuous tremors following a
specific pattern; analysis by Foundation cryptologists and linguists
determined it to be an attempt at comunication via a binary encoding
of Mapudungun1 similar to Morse code. An approximate translation of
the message is as follows:

Humans who call themselves "Fundación": Are you a Foundation for life?
If so, please let me complete my mission. Horror lies deep in the sea,
fueled by fear and twisted righteousness. What I do is the only way to
stop him. I regret the lives lost to me every day, but these bounds
will bring death tenfold in the end. It is the only way.

No action was taken upon decoding the above message, and thus SCP-4568
remained partially incapacitated. At around 21:00 on 26/02/2010, while
the debate regarding the interpretation of this message was still
ongoing, Foundation personnel received automated alerts of significant
anomalous oceanic activity along the Pacific Coast. Subsequently, a
massive serpentine entity (provisionally designated SCP-4568-2)
apparently composed of water and unidentifiable biological material
emerged near Chiloé, Chile, causing a large-scale disruption in
oceanic patterns. Further analysis indicated that SCP-4568-2's
activity, if allowed to continue unimpeded, would result in
devastating tsunamis affecting several coastal settlements along the
Pacific Ocean and resulting in extreme loss of life and a possible
BK-Class Broken Masquerade Scenario (90% confidence), followed by a
GK-Class Hostile Greenhouse Scenario (60% confidence).

With an unanimous 13-0 vote, the O5 Council decided to administer a
countermeme to SCP-4568. Following this, the following message was
received:

I am very, very sorry. This is the only way.

Emergency Addendum 4568-3: At around 3:34 on 27/02/2010, an earthquake
of magnitude 8.8 Mw was registered in coastal Chile. Foundation
emergency protocols have been initiated.



Footnotes

1. A language spoken by some native populations of Southern Chile and
Central Argentina, particularly those of Mapuche or Huilliche
ancestry.

Next revision ▶ 



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

You are accessing the current version of the documentation for
SCP-4568, dated May 23, 2019. An archive of relevant revisions is
included for purposes of context and analysis.

— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA


ITEM#: 4568

LEVEL4

CONTAINMENT CLASS: ESOTERIC

SECONDARY CLASS: HIEMAL

DISRUPTION CLASS: EKHI

RISK CLASS: DANGER

Special Containment Procedures: A disinformation campaign is ongoing
to provide a natural justification for any seismic activity caused by
SCP-4568-1 or oceanic abnormalities due to SCP-4568-2; currently, this
is attributed to the interaction of three concurrent tectonic plates
near SCP-4568's main area of activity.

The building codes in countries affected by SCP-4568 (mainly
continental Chile, the west of Argentina, Peru and Bolivia) is to be
designed to ensure that buildings are able to withstand earthquakes of
up to Class X on the Modified Mercalli seismic intensity scale.
Foundation personnel embedded in the security and emergency services
of the affected countries are to direct evacuation and rescue efforts
whenever necessary in order to reduce the impact of SCP-4568 and
prevent a Broken Masquerade scenario.

SCP-4568-1 should be allowed to continue its activity unimpeded;
containment proposals are to focus on mitigation procedures and
disinformation. Neutralization proposals for any component of SCP-4568
are preemptively denied by the O5 Council.

Communication attempts from SCP-4568-1 or SCP-4568-2 are to be
recorded and cross-referenced with known information about ongoing and
potential ℵK-Class Deific Confrontation scenarios.

Description: SCP-4568-1 is a massive, subterranean, serpentine entity
which inhabits below the Andean mountain range in South America.
Current estimates indicate a length of at least 500 km, and a width of
around 20 km. The entity is animate and autonomous and is composed of
molten rock, highly compressed sediments, various metals, and ice.
Sonar analysis reveals the existence of potentially artificial
structures, resembling clockwork, gears and primitive circuits, along
the body of the entity; these structures have no identified purpose
and do not seem to be the mechanism behind the autonomous movement of
SCP-4568-1.

SCP-4568-1 remains dormant most of the time. However, at certain
periods the entity displaces itself along the Andean mountain range.
Due to its massive size, this usually results in large-scale seismic
activity, with magnitude proportional to the degree of displacement.
Pattern analysis suggests that These movements are in response to an
unknown trigger SCP-4568-2 exiting a dormancy period, and the seismic
activity is intentionally caused by SCP-4568-1 in order to
incapacitate SCP-4568-2. The purpose, if there is any, is unknown; due
to the large amount of casualties caused by SCP-4568, the entity is
presumed to be hostile. It is unknown if SCP-4568 is sapient.
SCP-4568-1 is sapient, with above-human intelligence and very high
memetic resistance. While not actively hostile, it is aware of the
casualties product of its seismic activity and considers them a
"regrettable necessity" to restrain SCP-4568-2.

SCP-4568-2 is a marine, sapient, serpentine entity of comparable size
comprised of water, sand, algae, and steam. It often incorporates
extant marine lifeforms into its mass; these do not appear to be
harmed by the process, although they exhibit some degree of (usually
beneficial) mutations after exposure. Marine lifeforms have proven
themselves capable of extricating and reincorporating themselves into
SCP-4568-2's mass at any time.

SCP-4568-2 is actively hostile to human life, having repeatedly
expressed its intention of causing the extinction of humanity.
SCP-4568-2 claims that its goal is to stop a "great calamity" that
will result in the destruction of nature and the consequent
elimination of all life on Earth. While at first this was thought to
refer to some sort of ecological disaster, further statements by
SCP-4568-2 now suggest that this would be a tangential aftereffect of
a MK-Class "End of Human Consciousness" scenario of undetermined
origin (see below for further details).

SCP-4568-2 is capable of using resonance effects and vibrations in
order to force water and other fluids to take on specific shapes. This
is employed to maintain its own shape during its activity periods and
to cause massive tidal waves and anomalous oceanic activity. The
seismic activity induced by SCP-4568-1 disrupts these abilities,
making SCP-4568-2 unable to maintain a consistent form out of water
and forcing it into periods of dormancy.


Addendum 4568-1: Containment/Neutralization Proposal

[NO CHANGES. INFORMATION COLLAPSED]

Note: No further proposals of this type are to be accepted.


Addendum 4568-2: Log of statements by SCP-4568-1 and -2

After the detection of SCP-4568-2 on February 2010, both entities have
been communicating with each other and Foundation personnel using
similar methods to the one used by SCP-4568-1 during the
aforementioned incident. These messages show awareness of the
existence of several Groups and Entities of Interest, mainly in
connection with K-Class Scenarios. A log of notable communications is
listed below.

23/06/2010
 
SCP-4568-1: Fundación. I know you cannot trust me, much less while you
are still mourning your dead. I know what I did, as much as I know the
extremes you are willing to go to protect your kin. We will never be
equals, but you need to know that we share the same goals.
 
[Pause of several minutes]
 
You know, my equal also believes his duty to be of protection. There
is a threat hiding in dying stars, something incomprehensible and
unable to be stopped. The human mind is a lit beacon in a sea of
darkness; would extinguishing it divert the attention of this threat?
Would it be worth it, in the end?

12/03/2011
 
SCP-4568-2: I am sure you can see it. How your world dies a little bit
more every day. Mostly by your own hand, no? You poison the oceans,
taint the rivers, blacken the skies. You do not need angels of death
to end your world. But there is something else. I see it, in the
bottom of your eyes: something unforgettable. Unconceivable ideas,
cloaked in madness and impossible colors.
 
Do you think I will let you drag the rest of the world down with
yourselves? Do you think I will leave this world, my world, to die in
fives?

14/03/2011
 
SCP-4568-2: It cannot enter if there are no gateways. An idea cannot
exist if nobody thinks of it. We will start anew, in a world where
hateful stars do not speak to you.

30/05/2014
 
SCP-4568-1: Kaikai1. Do you really think this wasteful death will
solve it all? I can see the threat too. It hurts to think about it.
But I see it everywhere, the pressure, the suffocation. The fives. I
know what will happen when it descends. And yet, I think you are
misguided.
 
An idea exists only because something thought of it. Have you even
considered how such terrible concepts could have been given form? What
kind of atrocious mind could even think about it? Humans cannot
conceive the colourless green. What if you are playing into this
creature's hands?

25/06/2014
 
SCP-4568-1: Kaikai. Answer to me.
 
SCP-4568-2: Trentrén2. Why should I believe you? Why should I believe
that such words come from anything but sheer cowardice? You know we
have to do it. You protect the land, I protect the seas, and we both
know what the enemy is. The god of flesh has the power to recreate
this world, away from the pink light: a clean, free world.
 
SCP-4568-1: We both know that the god you command is but an empty
shell. It has no malevolence, and yet the goddess of steel and gears
broke herself to restrain it. You really do not understand why? Do you
really think you can fill the void, make the flesh bend to your will?
No earthly creature has a mind large enough to match its empty
vastness.
 
But what if the fives seize this mind? What if the mind of colourless
green is able to take over such a god? What if that is what it needs
to enter this world? You are but a pawn in this scheme, cannot you
see? And as the goddess of steel restrains the god of flesh, I shall
restrain you.
 
SCP-4568-2: The goddess of steel is as much of a coward as her
self-appointed servant then. Yet even she fears empty ghosts more than
the hateful red. In the vast nothingness, I see dreams of worlds where
your goddess is devoured by the five, or caught by mindless greed.
Worlds where our Sun's love becomes twisted and corrupt. Your goddess
is weak, and the Five is too strong.

02/05/2016
 
SCP-4568-1: Fundación, are you there? Do you still listen to the voice
of something you fear? Maybe it is hard to believe, but it is
comforting to me that there is someone listening.
 
Do you want to know why am I protecting you, humans? Wouldn't it be
easier, in the end, to just let go? Maybe letting Kaikai do as he
wants will really stop the Threat approaching our world. An easy exit.
 
But that is something I like about you, Fundación. About mankind.
While it is easy to just take the simplest path, to just give up,
there will always be some among you who refuse this path, to do the
right thing. Maybe not all of you are this strong, but I can see it in
your methods, those so-called "containment procedures". There will
always be someone who stands up against the dark, even if it takes a
thousand million years to emerge victorious.
 
Maybe you can stop the Fifth. After all, ideas can be killed with better ideas.
 
[Pause of around two hours]
 
Protecting you may just be my duty, but I cannot forget who I once was, as well.

17/07/2017
 
SCP-4568-1: I cannot sense the god of the Huincas3 anymore.
 
[Pause of several minutes]
 
SCP-4568-2: Our time is running out, Trentrén.

28/01/2018
 
SCP-4568-2: I will save this world, humans; you won't be able to stop
me. This is the only way.



Footnotes

1. Presumed to refer to SCP-4568-2.

2. SCP-4568-1.

3. Mapudungun term used to refer to the Spanish conquerors, and by extension, all people of similar ethnicities.
