                                    SCP-4485                                    
                                    ========                                    

                                Such Black Light                                
                                ----------------                                

Item #: SCP-4485 

Level 3

Containment Class: Euclid 

Disruption Class: KENEQ

Risk Class: Warning

CONFIDENTIAL

SCP-4485 COMPREHENSION CHECK

EYE TRACKING ACTIVATED. ACTIVITY WILL BE MONITORED. DO NOT PROCEED WITHOUT 
READING IN FULL. 

EMPLOYEE ALIAS

EMPLOYEE ID

Full understanding of SCP-4485 is required by all foundation employees. As such, 
all documents pertaining to SCP-4485 included in this database entry and a full 
understanding of each document is required before progress to the next series of 
documents is allowed. Due to the complexity of the anomaly, the documents will 
be displayed in chronological order. Your direct supervisor will monitor your 
progress and give permission to continue when satisfactory understanding is 
obtained. 


SCP-4485 ORIENTATION PART 1 OF 8

!! REMOTE TERMINAL MESSAGE !!

Good Afternoon, Researcher,

Dr. Lark and myself are pleased to see you are complying with the compulsory 
SCP-4485 orientation. We both would have been most displeased to have to 
terminate one of our most well respected and senior researchers. 

It is imperative that you carefully read all documents and comprehend them to a 
degree that I find satisfactory. As such, I will be following your progress on a 
remote terminal. If it is found that you are within acceptable levels, you will 
be permitted to leave your office. 

Do not disappoint me.

Lloyd Michaelson
Director, Site-12


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT ONE

INITIAL SCP DOCUMENT

FILED 8 JULY, 1967


DESIGNATION:	SCP-4485

CLASSIFICATION:	Euclid-

RISK ASSESSMENT:	Red	

SITE ASSIGNMENT:	Pending	Site-35

RELATED LOCATION:	Bramund, Germany	[POINT OF CONTACT]

			Grenwald, Germany	[STAGING AREA]
                                        

RELATED PERSONS:

Max Kelper 

1

Known Church of the Broken God supplicant active in southern West Germany.


Josef Von Schmetterline 

2

Known Church of the Broken God supplicant active in southern West Germany.


Boris Aldermann 

3

Church of the Broken God regional leader in southern West Germany.
         
         
SECURE CONTAINMENT PROTOCOLS

SCP-4485 is to be stored within a high-security containment locker at Site-35. 

Access to SCP-4485 is restricted to those personnel who are certified by the 
on-site accredited logician, to be appointed by the Foundation European Regional 
Mathematical Studies Head (currently Dr. Viktor Jates). Prior to receiving 
access clearance to SCP-4485, subjects must show they have a mastery over the 
basic Three Laws of Thought and their application: 

Principle of Identity (Each thing is identical to itself)

Law of Noncontradiction (A proposition cannot be both true and false)

Law of Excluded Middle (A proposition must be either true or false)

Additionally, subjects must show a mastery over Schopenhauer's Four Laws as 
established in On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason and 
Boole's alternate algebraic representation as presented in An Investigation on 
the Laws of Thought, a thorough understanding of Russell and Whitehead's 
Principia Mathematica and Russell's The Problems of Philosophy, and be able to 
independently reason Gödel's proof. 

Lastly, subjects must understand and apply Tarski's adaptations to the Law of 
Identity (Leibniz' Law, Law of Reflexivity, Law of Symmetry, Law of Transitivity 
and its inverse). Subjects must also be familiar with contemporary logicism, 
such as intuitionistic logic, paraconsistent logic, three-valued logic, modal 
propositional calculi, and fuzzy logic. 

In short, subjects must have an absolute mastery, at the highest level 
achievable by human beings in our current understanding of their nature, over 
the ability to adeptly reason what is true and logical, or false and illogical. 

Areas affected by SCP-4485 are to be quarantined and guarded by Foundation 
agents. 

DESCRIPTION:

SCP-4485 is a small leatherbound book written by German-French artist Jean Arp 
(Hans Arp4
While the artist's given name under French law was Jean, he continued to refer 
to himself by his German name, Hans, when speaking German. ). SCP-4485 itself is 
unremarkable in appearance, being moderately worn and slightly faded. The name 
of the author, Hans Arp, is pressed into the leather on the back of the journal 
in block capitalization. Within the front cover of SCP-4485 are the words "gott 
ist ohne zweck"5
"god is without purpose" beneath a crude drawing of a fish. SCP-4485 has an 
acute, adverse affect on reality and human cognition. Individuals who are 
exposed to SCP-4485 and do not have proper training in logicism will become 
disoriented and unable to differentiate between truths and falsehoods. This 
inability to identify what is logical and illogical manifests physically as 
alterations to the structural makeup of reality. The area directly surrounding 
SCP-4485 will begin to degrade over time, becoming increasingly disorderly and 
nonsensical. These effects on reality linger even after the removal of SCP-4485. 
Currently there is no means by which these alterations can be reversed. 
Discovery: SCP-4485 was discovered in the town of Bramund6
Since struck from public records. after reports of increased mental illness in 
the region, as well as other unusual phenomena. Additional information 
pertaining to SCP-4485's discovery is available in Agent Norman's report 
contained within this file. 


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT TWO

FIELD AGENT NORMAN'S REPORT

FILED 29 JUNE, 1967

TOP SECRET

Approved for use in training. Clearance Level 4.

Dr. Chen Sui

FOUNDATION FIELD REPORT AGENT DESIGNATION: AGENT FREDRICK NORMAN

Forward: The report of SCP Foundation field agent Fredrick Norman, assigned to 
Site-35, in the matter of the SCP-4485 anomaly. 

Report Proper: Initial communication with field agent ██████ 
█████ proved substantial enough evidence to move operations to Bramund 
and discover the source of the abnormality. Subjects admitted to local hospital 
stated disorientation and decreased motivation. The subjects I reviewed did not 
appear physically unusual, however, each of them seemed unable to differentiate 
between hallucinations and reality, though these hallucinations did not seem to 
trouble them in any way. Subjects would occasionally mutter gibberish or laugh 
randomly without explanation, and seldom responded to questioning. 

Two subjects, Max Kelper and Josef Von Schmetterline were known actives within 
the major Prussian Church of the Broken God sect and, during our most recent 
encounter, had been hostile zealots. The hostility appeared to have left them, 
and they did not respond to questioning about their pasts, saying only that "god 
is already here" in reference to the anomalous activity within Bramund. Both men 
chattered like animals the entire time I was with them, and continued to do so 
after I had departed. 

All subjects we interviewed at the ███████████ 
█████████ Hospital no longer appeared to recognize their own 
names, referring to themselves and each other as "hansarp". They provided no 
elaboration as to the meaning of this name or its significance as it pertains to 
their affliction. 

After three days stay at the hospital, our team moved in to Bramund while 
additional resources were called to transfer the afflicted to Site-35 for 
examination. It was agreed by all that the subjects were experiencing unusual 
enough symptoms as to warrant classification and study. We arrived at Grenwald, 
near Bramund across the river, on June 19th. It was our intention to collect our 
resources at Grenwald and enter Bramund on the upcoming Sunday; however, 
activity within the Bramund region warranted an expedited response. 

Locals within Grenwald began to complain about the texture of the sky over 
Bramund. I was unable to make this distinction, but was easily able to see the 
color change. Where before had been blue skies with the mountains behind was now 
clearly various shades of grey and orange, in a solid column extending up from 
the city's borders. Strange forms had begun to appear within the column - 
geometric shapes that were difficult to observe, rippling, even symbols of some 
strange alphabet I did not recognize. Realizing this was an escalation in 
expected activity, we mobilized within the hour and moved to Bramund. 

There was a distinct haze on the road to the city that grew thicker as we 
approached. The column of greyscale we had seen in Grenwald grew more and more 
difficult to see, and at times it was impossible to see the sky at all. Several 
other members of our accompanying task force described feeling uncertain about 
the path we were taking, despite us clearly being on the road. On several 
occasions some men stopped and declared we were lost, 
and needed to return to Grenwald. The task force commander lost track of how 
many men were assigned to his unit. █████ ██████ described 
how at one point, three of the men seemed to simply stop walking, turn 90 
degrees to the right, and walk off the road, though I did not see this myself. 
It became clear when we had passed into Bramund, as the color had come out of 
our equipment and our skin. With the exception of the occasional orange 
coloration, there was no other color to be seen at all. There was a strange sort 
of cycling wind within the cylinder, that passed us every so often and seemed to 
carry sound with it. This impeded our ability to communicate with each other, 
and we were forced to resort to visual communication in order to proceed. 

The state of affairs within Bramund was not exceptional. Some structures were 
seemingly disassembled and hanging in the air just off their foundations, as if 
gravity had ceased to operate in their vicinity. Large, dark shapes were somehow 
visible beneath the earth moving around like sharks circling prey, but did not 
ever surface. From somewhere else in the fog we could hear the sound of strange 
music every time the wind passed over us, and proceeded towards the source. We 
were impeded by a panic that set over the men due to some additional affliction 
that I did not seem to recognize, and several were left behind to be taken out 
of the city by their comrades. 

The epicenter of activity was the remains of a small library. I recognized the 
structure immediately as the former gathering place of local anartists, prior to 
a raid that saw several of them taken into custody and the structure demolished. 
Within the ruins was a grisly sight; a circle of living human beings, twisted 
into strange and unnatural shapes, seemingly part of a large, complex machine in 
the center of the main room. 

As the machine's action turned under some strange power, it would raise and drop 
a large mass of barbed steel, concrete, and human remains onto a platform. Each 
time this action was taken, the circle of humans would proceed forward, twisting 
and dancing and singing a haunting and unintelligible harmony with the machine's 
grotesque melody. The next human would stand on the platform, and the machine 
would drop, and their remains would be flung out into the air, rising 
unnaturally into the sky where, above the remains of the library, a strange 
image was forming - something that defied understanding. The clicking machine 
would raise again like the pendulum of a clock, another human would step onto 
the platform, and the process would continue. 

We killed all the afflicted within the library and put the ruins to the torch. 
After the aberration in the sky had cleared we began to disassemble the machine 
within it, tearing apart what we could and using explosives for what remained. 
At its center we found a desiccated human man, the skin on his face peeled back 
and suspended away from the raw meat of his skull by wires. He was breathing. He 
spoke only a charred whisper through those skinless lips, but he answered when I 
spoke. I asked him what his name was, and he said "hansarp". I asked what had 
happened to him, and he handed me the book. When I asked him what it was, he 
told me it was god. 

SCP-4485 was remanded into the custody of site containment officials and we set 
up a quarantine around the affected area. Forensics later informed me that this 
body was Boris Aldermann, the leader of the regional CotBG sect. We were not 
able to remove Aldermann's body from the machine, and I believe it is still 
there. 


SCP-4485 ORIENTATION PART 2 OF 8

!! REMOTE TERMINAL MESSAGE !!

Your progression is most satisfactory. Dr. Lark has joined me and requested to 
observe your progress in person. However, his request was denied. It is 
imperative that you complete the orientation in isolation until an acceptable 
level of comprehension is observed. 

I already anticipate you have many questions. However, all out-going 
communication is forbidden. As such, I can give you answers to a few common 
inquiries that other employees have had: 

What level of comprehension is deemed acceptable?: This is on a supervisor to 
supervisor basis. The Foundation has requested that we accept nothing but a 
perfect level of understanding. However, I tend to only require this if the 
Researcher will be directly involved in SCP-4485. As you will be directly 
involved, I will accept nothing but perfection. 

What will happen if I am found to fail the orientation?: You will be terminated.
What does "comprehension" mean?: A depressingly common question. It means you 
must understand the risk and logical danger that SCP-4485 poses. If you need to 
ask this question, you likely will not pass. 

That is all. I will be stepping away from the Terminal for a time and Dr. Lark 
will observe in my absence. 

Please Continue.

Lloyd Michaelson
Director, Site-12


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT THREE

GROUP OF INTEREST

DATABASE ENTRY

"HANSARP"

ORIGINALLY FILED:

SATURDAY, 29 JULY, 1967

ARCHIVED PULLED:

Group of Interest Profile ◦ Site-35 Department of External Groups

"HANSARP"
Unknown
Unknown
Southern Germany
Austria
Switzerland
Hungary
Yugoslavia
Czechoslovakia
SE France
Northern Italy
Switzerland
NE Spain
Denmark
Western Soviet Socialist Republic
Greece
Belgium
United Kingdom
Egypt

Group activity centers around the creation of anomalous art pieces and the 
creation of anomalous machines. While the style and structure of these pieces 
differs, all appear to serve the same purpose of altering reality. 

What is most unusual, however, is the transient nature of these pieces and 
machines. In the case of nearly all recovered artifacts, the pieces have been 
placed in locations where they would be visible to a large number of civilians 
(typically at intersections, within shopping centers, on the sides of buildings, 
etc.) but do not remain long after they are noticed. In many cases, the pieces 
have self-removed by the time Foundation assets have moved to intercept them. To 
date, all pieces have been tagged with the word "HANSARP" in orange spray paint, 
and signed with a crude drawing of a vertical fish. 

It is currently believed that "HANSARP" is a cultural evolution within a south 
German "Are We Cool Yet?" sect, designed to disrupt the tenuous peace within the 
civilian population in the area. Like many AWCY? sects, "HANSARP" creates pieces 
of obscene or provocative "art", which are then placed in areas where they would 
do the most harm and left to disturb population centers. The primary 
differentiation between the two groups, however, is that while artists within 
AWCY? sects tend to seek attention personally through the use of pseudonyms, 
"HANSARP" members do not identify themselves by any name other than "HANSARP". 

Documents recovered from a coordinated information exchange with the Global 
Occult Coalition European Taskforce indicate that "HANSARP" has additional ties 
to high-ranking members of the Church of the Broken God. These connections are 
likely the source of the anomalous machinery often discovered at "HANSARP" 
activity sites, though their relation to the Church of the Broken God is still 
unknown. Analysis of these machines prior to their self-removal has resulted in 
no definitive answer to their purpose; the machines simply perform a function 
for a short period of time, and then disassemble afterwards. While it is assumed 
that they, like the anomalous art pieces attributed to "HANSARP", exist only to 
disrupt the public, this assumption is not conclusive. 


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT FOUR

REPORTED OR RECOVERED "HANSARP" ARTIFACTS
 

4485/35B

3 March, 1967

"Dog Will Sniff" by HANSARP

Restaurant in Vienna, Austria

Watercolor painting of an artist painting a watercolor painting. The artist's 
head is located on its back, facing down, and its features are 
indistinguishable. Exposed subjects reported seeing duplicates of themselves, 
and duplicates of the duplicates within the restaurant. 

N/A. Painting was reduced to colored water after two hours.


4485/35G

23 May, 1967

"I looked up on upon Babylon ylon" by HANSARP

Judicial building in Munich, West Germany

A rough pencil sketch of three children consuming each others' feet. Two of the 
children appear to be weeping, one is laughing. Individuals exposed to the piece 
began to suffer from the inability to pass through doorways, and were unable to 
escape the building for some time. This continued until the piece self-removed 
from the first floor lobby wall. 

N/A. The piece is reported to have begun curling up on itself after several 
hours, and continued to roll tighter until it no longer existed. 


4485/36K

19 October, 1969

"Untitled '95" by HANSARP

In a cellar beneath a home in Frankfurt, West Germany

A small, vinyl-covered clockwork machine that produces a small, two dimensional 
paper fish once every sixteen minutes. Each fish contains the text of a single 
racial epithet, though these words only appear offensive or obscene to 
individuals of a different ethnic background, and appear to be the words "what 
will you do?" to those of the intended background. 

Currently in a storage locker at Site-35. Ceased functioning after it was 
removed from the house. Believed to have generated over 1,900 pieces of paper 
fish prior to its discovery. 


4485/35AA

21 October, 1969

"dak dak dit va va ti da da" by HANSARP

A public square in St. Gallen, Switzerland

A green arrow painted on a lamp post pointed upwards. Individuals exposed to 
this piece directly begin to feel severe anxiety and self-loathing. Spreads to 
individuals who interact with these individuals7
This effect is poorly understood, and is still under investigation. .
Paint could not be removed through traditional means. Light post was removed and 
sandblasted into metal shavings. The metal shavings retained the same 
characteristics of the light post, and were moved to a secure vault. 


4485/35AV 

8

Contents redacted due to memetic effect of the location and description of the 
artifact. First instance of a "HANSARP" artifact showing anomalous effects 
without need for its physical presence. 

9 December, 1972

"AND I SAW NATIONS" by HANSARP

█████████, ███████
█ ████-█████ ███████ ██ ███ 
████████ ██ ████-██. ████████ 
██████████ ███ ███ ███████ ██ 
█████ ██████ ██ ████. 
██████████ ████ ██ ███ 
███████ ████████ ██ █████ ██ 
████-██. ███ █████ "████ ██ 
██████ █████, █ ███'█ ██████ 
███ ████" ███ ███████ ██ ███ 
████ ██ ███ ███████. 
Moved to Site-35. █████████ ██ ██████ 
███████████. 


4485/47X

1 May, 1983

"Less Fewer Every Day" by HANSARP

Stuttgart, West Germany

Phenomenon affecting a group of Foundation personnel at Site-35. Attributed to 
"HANSARP" in letter to the editor published in local newspaper. 
Contained at Site-35, pending further evaluation (See Document 5).


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT FIVE

INTERNAL INTERVIEW

CONDUCTED 10 MAY, 1983
 
Below is a transcript of an interview via three-way telephone call following the 
appearance of Artifact 4485/47X conducted by Dr. Viktor Jates with Dr. Isaac 

Harmon and Dr. Leonard Fitzwell. 

Dr. Viktor Jates

Foundation European Mathematical Studies Director

Dr. Isaac Harmon

Foundation European Department of Containment Director

Dr. Leonard Fitzwell

European GOI Liaison


Dr. Harmon, hello. Dr. Fitzwell, thank you both for taking my call.

Of course.

Isaac has seen our report?

On the ride over, but not in depth.

I was hoping you could, uh, illuminate him, on-

I'm just trying to wrap my head around what you're saying here, Fitz. About this 
whole art thing, it sounds like you're saying nothing we've done here has 
accomplished anything. 

Well that's just it, Isaac. We've missed the forest for the trees on this one, 
and I think we're in dire trouble. 

Explain.

Do you know when the last time we were contacted by an outside group to 
investigate itself? 

I- what? That's never happened.

As of Tuesday, it has.

What?

The largest anom-art community in Europe is "Are We Cool Yet?" They're fairly 
fragmented, but bound by this sort of loose association with an individual 
called "The Critic". 

That individual contacted one of our field agents on Tuesday to request that we 
look into the well-being of one of their studios near Munich. 

I don't understand. Why would they try to contact us about that?

That was our question. The Critic claims that the studio in question, some 
hundred or so individuals, has just dropped off the face of the earth. Local 
authorities weren't able to help, and they were worried that contact the 
Coalition would result in more deaths than recoveries. 

So they contacted us instead.

And? What did we find?

Nothing, Isaac. We raided the studio and found nothing. Not that we didn't find 
signs of habitation- 

Oh yes, we found plenty of that.

-it's that by all accounts the people who had been living there just got up one 
day and left. 

Do we think this is some kind of anomalous influence, or something mundane? 
Maybe they ran out of money, or- 

No, they wouldn't have just left all of their stuff there. Their equipment, 
belongings, it was all left untouched. 

So what does this have to do with HANSARP?

When our field agent reported back to The Critic what we had found, he revealed 
some things about HANSARP we didn't know. He thinks HANSARP has been influencing 
a group of disillusioned members of Are We Cool Yet? over the last several 
months, and that influence might have resulted in their disappearance. 

Influencing how?

There's a growing sentiment within that community that the effort to produce 
creatively is not worth the outcome, because they are no closer to 
self-actualization. 

They call it wanting to become "cool", but it's just a desire to reach some 
state of synthesis with themselves and their artform. Their inability to unify 
the "self" and the "cool" is what we typically see as a motivating factor for 
the group. 

The Critic poses that the most vocal voices of displeasure have come out of 
south Germany, where more and more of them are turning to violence and sadism in 
attempting to reach this state of "cool". The Critic says he's been able to 
moderate most of the more radical influences, but not HANSARP. 

Something about HANSARP has really set these people off, and then they disappear 
suddenly. 

I still- I don't understand this, Leonard. This HANSARP and Are We Cool Yet?, 
our documentation says that they're the same group, but you're suggesting 
they're separate? Where are you getting this information from? 

Isaac, they have to be separate.

Aside from creating anomalous art pieces, they're totally different. Are We Cool 
Yet? seeks to make art pieces that establish the creator as an elevated member 
within the group - something closer to "cool" than others. 

HANSARP doesn't care about creators, or about the art work at all. HANSARP's 
pieces aren't trying to create status or position, they're nothing. They don't 
mean anything. There's no linearity between them, and yet they continue to be 
created. More people are disappearing, specifically those who encountered these 
pieces. 

That chapter of Are We Cool Yet? They were exposed to a piece the week before, 
hung right outside their studio. Now they're gone. 

Alright, so… so what does this all mean? What does this mean for those kids 
who disappeared in Germany? 

We, well…

We're beginning to think that they are HANSARP.

What?

They didn't used to be, but they are now.

HANSARP isn't like other outside groups, where you're recruited or sign up or 
just find yourself within their ranks. HANSARP is like… like a disease. Like a 
virus. You see it and it works its way into your soul and by the time you 
realize what has happened to you, you're HANSARP. 

Which leads to our next point…

We don't think the pieces of art are anomalous.

What do you think about sideways eyes on █████ ██████ 
██ ████? 

Excuse me?

(Interrupting) Not in, not in the way we had originally believed, anyway.

Something else you need to understand - HANSARP is a dadaist movement.

Within dada, there is no meaning - reason and logic are considered detrimental 
to the human condition in favor of disorder. They don't have a set of beliefs 
that you could call consistent because they have given up on consistency. 

It's not shocking that they would target groups who are at a growing risk of 
frustration due to the impossibility of their goals, because HANSARP's 
philosophy precludes the possibility of "goals" as a concept. You can't have 
"goals" when there is nothing to be gained. 

But then by the same token, what is "cool" if there are no inherent rules 
governing what "cool" is? If there are no ideals or definite purpose, then who's 
to say that everything isn't cool? 

So what… what does any of this have to do with the art pieces being anomalous?

Silence.

Viktor?

The pieces are anomalous, but not… not in the way we thought they were.

The book is the same way.

We thought the book was changing reality, but it's- the book hasn't done 
anything since we put it in containment. 

The art pieces don't do anything when we put them in containment. We only see 
the sort of anomalous activity we associate with the book when other people are 
involved. People who see these art pieces, or who read SCP-4485, they're exposed 
to something that makes them question fundamental truths about their lives. It 
happened here, at Site-35. 

What? What happened?

We had a group of our own researchers studying SCP-4485, reading it and trying 
to figure out some sort of pattern in the madness of it. 

We eventually started to notice that some of them were growing… detached.

They stopped interacting with others around them, started to ask strange 
questions. Some of them started to become agitated, angry. They'd rant and rave 
about some- some ideology, or some position, something political. 

Our staff psychologists spoke to them, and they looked at their background 
profiles. The ones who were becoming violent were those with a history of- of 
strong positions on certain issues, things they'd spoken up about in the past: 
political movements, workplace issues, that sort of thing. 

The rest just- just hadn't. But they were all being changed, like HANSARP was 
crystallizing their apathy, or their zealotry. When they started to change, the 
site started to change. 

How?

People began to see things that weren't there. Doors that didn't exist, 
impossible changes in geometry. HANSARP took credit for this in a local paper, 
but there had been no contact with these people and HANSARP, except by reading 
the book. 

Over time, the same thing happened to the psychologists. Talking to these people 
changes the way you see the world, and once you've become like they are, the 
world changes to fit what you see. Madness. 

Where are these researchers now?

Isolated. At different locked safehouses.

We can't change them, and they're still- they're changing. Keeping them apart 
helps mitigate some of the issues, but we keep finding more every day. 

We're starting to see this everywhere, Isaac. All over Europe.

Any site that has ever housed a HANSARP artifact, or SCP-4485, or even… even 
someone who had read SCP-4485, or- or… 

You cannot be serious…

Isaac, they're everywhere. We have affected researchers everywhere.

And it doesn't take much - they'll ask an innocuous question, maybe questioning 
a strongly held position. But something about HANSARP makes those questions 
stick, and then… then they become carriers for it. They become HANSARP. 

This… the staff rotations… all of Europe, all of our sites…

The only people who weren't affected were people on my team. People who were 
trained to use formula and theory to discern truth. They saw the same things 
other people did, but they didn't succumb to it. They weren't changed. 

We- we need to begin training, we need to get these individuals at- at every 
site, every site could be affected. 

There aren't enough, Isaac. We would need an army of mathematicians, and that 
just- it doesn't exist. 

I- (pauses) -alright.

I will discuss this with my team. We will work on taking the necessary steps to 
mitigate this issue. 

(Pauses)

Leonard, we'll need to get you evacuated from Site-35; if what Viktor is saying 
is true, and you haven't had this sort of intensive training, then- 

No, Isaac.

There is work that needs to be done here. We can still communicate with those 
affected. Another group went missing recently, Broken God faithful each, and the 
connection between the two is undeniable. We… I will know when it is too late 
for us to accomplish anything here, Isaac. Then I will leave. 

Please do. We need you, Leonard. Now more than ever.

I'm going to report this to Director Bright and Director Quin. You are right. We 
have work to do. Be safe. 

You as well, Isaac.

Dr. Harmon disconnects.

How much longer do you have, Leonard?

(Laughs)

Truthfully, I don't even know if you are real, Viktor.

Everything feels the same. This conversation feels the same. I will make due 
until I cannot make due any longer, and then… well. 

Hopefully Isaac comes up with something before then.

The Broken God link, what do you see there?

That's who is building these machines, of course.

I think we're- the more I look into this crawling madness I know follows me 
wherever I go, the more I see the method. A god that cannot be rebuilt. 

A state of cool that cannot be reached.

If you break down the structures that determine what "broken" is, or what "cool" 
is, what are you left with? 

(Pauses)

We should've known sooner.

We couldn't have known.

We could have tried.

I kept that book in my study for a month, you know?

Just reading it.

Trying to see what in it could compel a man to remove his own face, just in 
order to see… to see something. We should have rules for that sort of thing. 

I know.

Viktor, I- have I said anything to you yet? Anything that you- that you could 
see didn't make sense? Something out of place? I think, I've tried to think and 
see, if there would be anything. 

Tell me truthfully, Viktor. Please.

Just once. Sideways eyes.

Ah. On shores of glass ████ ████ ████ █ 
██████ ██ █████. I remember. (Pauses) Just now? 

Yes.

Isaac?

We know. We'll take care of him.

Very good, very… very good. Thank you, Viktor. Your team does extraordinary… 
extraordinary work. 

Thank you, Leonard.

(Pauses) I'm sorry, Viktor. I'm sorry.

It's alright, Leonard. It will be alright.

I'm sorry, I'm- goodnight, Viktor.

Dr. Fitzwell disconnects. Call ends.



SCP-4485 ORIENTATION PART 3 OF 8

!! REMOTE TERMINAL MESSAGE !!

Hello there.

This is taking a while, isn't it?

3 of 8. That's a whole lot to read. I'll help you along, though.

Don't worry about it, okay.

They won't know.

Just give me a little time.

And especially do not worry about Lloyd. I asked to make sure he doesn't come 
back. 

Careful on the survey, though. That goes straight to the Reason Council and I 
can't stop them if they notice you failing that one. 

Dr. Gary Lark


SCP-4485 DOCUMENT SIX

RECOVERED HANSARP RECRUITING DOCUMENT


DISCOVERED 20 AUGUST, 1996

LOCATED ON FOUNDATION DATABASE

METHOD OF INSERTION UNKNOWN

⇛ CLICK TO BEGIN ⇚


SCP-4485 COMPREHENSION ASSESSMENT ONE

MUST COMPLETE BEFORE CONTINUING

100% SATISFACTION MUST BE MAINTAINED

⇛ CLICK TO BEGIN ⇚



SCP-4485 ORIENTATION PART ▓▓ OF 8

!! REMOTE TERMINAL MESSAGE !!

I don't have much longer here.

The sideways eyes lift their fins to the sky and sink into the abyss.

It calls for me and I ignore it.

Soon it will have me.

And you.

And nothing, if you ask me.

R i d i c u l o u s!

Just look quick and find what you are hiding from.

I will take and send.

—Dr. Lark


SCP-4485 PRIMARY DOCUMENT

DIARY OF JEAN ARP (AKA HANS ARP)

DISCOVERED 29 JUNE, 1967

SCANNED DUPLICATES OF SCP-4485

DATABASE LOCATION LEVEL 5 — TOP SECRET



SCP-4485 PRIMARY DOCUMENT

LEVEL 6 — COSMIC TOP SECRET

FOR O5 COUNCIL EYES ONLY

ITEM#: 4485

LEVEL 6

CONTAINMENT CLASS: ESOTERIC

SECONDARY CLASS: APOLLYON

DISRUPTION CLASS: AMIDA

RISK CLASS: CRITICAL

SCP-4485, as well as all known individuals affected by SCP-4485 and
all artifacts created by or attributed to those individuals or the
Group of Interest known as HANSARP are stored in active containment
within the Scranton-Jates Supra-Cultural Dissociation Engine at
DEEPWELL-9, located beneath the former Site-35 at the Isar II Nuclear
Power Plant near Landshut, Germany. Access to DEEPWELL-9 is permitted
only to individuals assigned to SCP-4485's containment, as well as
those individuals with express written permission by the DEEPWELL-9
Site Director, currently Director Viktor Jates.

Please note that all previous personnel requirements are currently active:

- Access Previous Containment Procedures

Objects and individuals believed to be associated with HANSARP are
must be remanded to DEEPWELL-9 immediately, with objects being housed
in individualized secure item lockers and human subjects being
contained in long-term cryogenic stasis. Manual operation of the
Dissociation Engine Core for the purposes of adding objects and
individuals to the central containment cells should only be undertaken
by members of the Foundation Corp of Anengineers, with any appropriate
supervisors.

All European Foundation sites affected by SCP-4485 are closed
indefinitely until further notice. It is currently understood that 92%
of active Foundation Europe staff members1

Specifically, all those from sites outside of Site-77. are at risk for
being affected by SCP-4485. Site-77 will be the primary European
containment and research facility, with DEEPWELL-9 housing research
and containment efforts for SCP-4485 specifically.

Containment of SCP-4485 has also required institutional alterations to
The Foundation. The following is a list of all current initiatives:

Logical assessment, forwardly known as an "Orientation," of all
current employees at all levels. Any employees shown to lack an
acceptable degree of rational and logical thought will be deemed a
hazard to The Foundation and immediately terminated. Due to the risk
of these individuals possibly being previously tainted, termination
will result in containment within the Scranton-Jates Supra-Cultural
Dissociation Engine.

Dissolution of the Ethics Committee. As voted by the O5 Council
(11-2), the Ethics Committee is found to be both unnecessary and
actively detrimental to the containment and elimination of HANSARP.
All members of the Ethics Committee were deemed unfit and possibly
tainted.

The Scranton-Jates Supra-Cultural Dissociation Engine exists solely to
house artifacts and entities that, as an aspect of their nature,
violate the innate conventions and structures of the human cultural
egoplex, as well as adversely impact the established conventional
reality as established by the SCP Foundation Overseer Council.
Operation and maintenance of the Scranton-Jates Engine is carried out
by the DEEPWELL-9 Operations Control Group in conjunction with the
SCPF Department of Energy Control and Resource Consolidation.

The Scranton-Jates Engine consists of three distinct subsystems that
make up the greater portion of the array:

Containment Shielding: The outermost layer of the Scranton-Jates
Engine is the containment shielding. This shielding is composed of
titanium-alloy plates over a layer of ballistic nanofibers. Per
class-appropriate engineering protocols, this shielding combined with
the depth of the DEEPWELL site is designed to withstand a direct
surface-level impact of a 5mt nuclear yield.

Containment Housing: The inner layer of the Scranton-Jates Engine is
the containment housing, composed primarily of concrete and steel.
This section is comprised of multiple large, hollow rings of channeled
concrete (4m high x 30m in diameter) stacked vertically down into the
DEEPWELL shaft. The current configuration of the containment housing
allows for eleven such sections, with room for an additional fifteen
below as they become necessary. A powered elevator system allows for
all current sections to be lowered for the placement of additional
sections at the top of the array.

Each containment section is capable of holding up to two-hundred
pacified human subjects in cryogenic stasis. Additionally, each
section contains lockers for a variety of artifacts and objects
related to SCP-4485. These lockers and cryogenic modules are sustained
by liquid nitrogen pumped from storage containers at the surface, and
recycled at a substation nearby. A cryogenic fail-safe will flush the
each cylinder section with liquid oxygen to sustain containment in the
event of a loss of power to the Engine or to the liquid nitrogen
pumps.

Dissociation Engine Core: The innermost component of the
Scranton-Jates Engine is the Dissociation Engine Core, formerly
classified as SCP-████-█. The Engine Core functions by dissociating
cognition from psychological response, neutering the effects of
SCP-4485-A and -B instances contained within.

Under no circumstances should Foundation personnel enter the Engine
Core while it is active; exposure to the core is acutely devastating
to human psychology and, in the majority of cases, will lead to
immediate or regressive brain death.

The Engine Core also acts as a time sink when active, with an
effective radius encompassing the entirety of the Scranton-Jates
Engine. The current sustainable ratio is [1] day within the core to
[46] days without.

Despite the procedures listed above, SCP-4485 is currently considered
outside of the Foundation's ability to contain. See Dr. Yoss' reports
below for more details. The 05 Council has given special permission to
take any and all actions in order to contain SCP-4485. Approval is not
required.

SCP-4485 is a small leather-bound book written by German-French artist
Jean "Hans" Arp. SCP-4485 itself is unremarkable in appearance, being
moderately worn and slightly faded. The name of the author is pressed
into the leather on the back of the journal in block capitalization.
Within the front cover of SCP-4485 are the words "gott ist ohne zweck"
beneath a crude drawing of a fish.

SCP-4485 is not acutely anomalous; however, individuals who read
SCP-4485 are anomalously affected by the words contained therein.
SCP-4485 is filled with writing in the dadaist tradition, most of
which is nonsensical with little connection between passages. These
passages are interwoven with abstract drawings of shapes, animals, and
human beings. Individuals who read SCP-4485 become affected by it in
one of two distinct ways:

(SCP-4485-A) Individuals who read SCP-4485 and have, in their recent
past, had strongly-held political or cultural opinions will strongly
reject the "nonsense" contained within SCP-4485. These individuals
will at first become more vocal about their positions, regardless of
what they are, until eventually becoming seemingly unable to speak
about anything else, and becoming violent towards those who would
question their position. Over time, these individuals will experience
physical changes as well, forming hardened crystalline structures
composed primarily of calcium over much of their bodies. These
structures will eventually cover the entire body, though locomotion is
still possible by way of levitation. The means by which this is
accomplished is currently unknown. These individuals are invariably
hostile, and serve as vectors for the creation of both SCP-4485-B
instances and other SCP-4485-A instance.

(SCP-4485-B) Individuals who read SCP-4485 and are not aligned with a
specific ideology or political philosophy will experience a sharp
increase in apathetic behavior. This will be followed by additional
erratic behaviors: subjects will begin to ask strange, nonsensical
questions or make comments that do not make sense. Any other
individuals who engage with these subjects will inevitably succumb to
the same anomalous influence as these subjects, who are able to
self-propagate by audio and visual means. Over time these individuals
will also experience physical changes, becoming less distinct in
appearance and more incorporeal. It is the accumulation of these
instances in a location that results in the breakdown of the logical
super-construction in an area. The advancement of these effects are
difficult to quantify, though the affected radius appears to follow
exponential trends.

For more information regarding SCP-4485-A and SCP-4485-B instances,
please see Dr. Yoss' reports below.


Secure Progress Report to 05 Council

submitted: 09.30.2019

secure channel: 37066A983DBEF644B6E4CCF6D1E2456D

recognize: Dr. Inan Yoss, SCP-4485 Head Researcher

Good afternoon, esteemed council members. Please find the memo I sent
to The Foundation at large below:

I know there have been a lot of questions recently concerning the
situation in Europe. Understandably, there are some serious and
legitimate concerns about our ability to contain the anomalous
characteristics attributed to the HANSARP Group of Interest. Allow me
to preface by saying that our containment of SCP-4485 and HANSARP as a
whole has never before been as secure as it is today. We believe that
at least 99.6% of all individuals associated with HANSARP are now in
Foundation custody at DEEPWELL-9. However, to ensure we all understand
the exact nature of this new threat, it is important for us to make
available information regarding what HANSARP is, where it came from,
and what it intends to accomplish.

SCP-4485 is the source of a self-propagating cultural consciousness
that we now believe self-realized shortly after Jean Arp's death in
1966. We have no reason to suspect that Arp utilized anomalous means
to propagate HANSARP, nor do we suspect that Arp himself was somehow
anomalous. Analysis of SCP-4485 has shown no evidence that SCP-4485
itself is somehow anomalous.

We now believe that the source of the anomalous characteristics
associated with SCP-4485 rest entirely within human interaction with
the source. SCP-4485 does not change people; people are changed upon
reading SCP-4485, or hearing about its contents. SCP-4485 is like a
key, perfectly randomly shaped to fit a lock within the human psyche
that demands order. Once unlocked, the mind begins to change itself,
and the world around that mind follows.

SCP-4485-A and SCP-4485-B instances represent the two reactions to
being exposed to this kind of weaponized meaninglessness - apathy and
rejection.

Those who are not prone to holding strong positions, when exposed to
the patterns of meaninglessness espoused by SCP-4485 or other
SCP-4485-A individuals, will themselves become SCP-4485-B. These
individuals, as well as the superego they represent, is what we
identify as HANSARP. It is a metaconstructure of disorganized thought
that exists for a single purpose - to annihilate reason.

The way this is accomplished is with the creation of SCP-4485-A
instances, the logical inverse of SCP-4485-B instances. SCP-4485-A
instances are individuals who have rejected the notions of
meaninglessness and disorder as proclaimed by SCP-4485-B instances.

If SCP-4485-B instances are the consciousness of HANSARP trying to
free itself from the hull of its humanity with a blender, SCP-4485-A
instances are the blades.

The presence of SCP-4485-A instances is enough to drive the alteration
of susceptible persons into new instances of SCP-4485-B at rates much
higher than what is typical naturally.

Individuals who are exposed to SCP-4485-A instances react with shock,
fear, and then either rejection or apathy.

It is important in times like this that we keep calm and rational in
our actions in response to these threats to The Foundation as well as
reality itself. In the coming months, each and every Foundation
employee will be asked to take a compulsory orientation on SCP-4485.
It is within the best interest of The Foundation and yourself to
complete this orientation as soon as possible. Your supervisor will
contact you for further details.

With the continued cooperation of all Foundation personnel and pointed
actions of the 05 Council, this threat will be eliminated.


As you all well know, this caused some measure of fervor within
certain more rebellious individuals, particularly those that have
persisted since prior to the dissolution of the Ethics Committee. I
can assure you that these individuals are being watched and will be
terminated if we find them detrimental to continued containment.

More importantly, I need to report this: Make no mistake; we were
targeted specifically. Thousands of personnel were exposed to SCP-4485
in some form or another, all across Europe. Not just through exposure
to SCP-4485 itself, but through exposure to artifacts and art pieces
they knew we would be forced to clean up. We were fortunate, perhaps,
that the majority of our sites were located in more remote locales.
The total body count is nearly impossible to figure, but suffice to
say that only Site-77 with its primarily internal rotation schedule
was mostly spared. We have closed over three-hundred sites across the
continent and had to clandestinely move hundreds of artifacts and
entities to secure facilities elsewhere. The expense of this effort
nearly bankrupted us. We have already begun rebuilding some of our
outposts, but to train the required personnel and reinforce the
existing structures will take decades, and billions of dollars, or
more. As of right now, Europe as a whole is effectively lost to us.

This is made worse by the fact that, despite our thoughtful actions,
we have not contained HANSARP.

All of the people in stasis within the Dissociation Engine were
Foundation personnel who were within locked sites and could be easily
transported. We can't account for some 65% of security personnel, or
janitorial. People who were on leave. Doctors en route to other sites
who disappeared under mysterious circumstances. There could be
hundreds, thousands out there who now a functional super-intelligence
and we have no idea how to find them. All the while, our impact teams
are finding more HANSARP artifacts everyday.

It is no longer isolated to Europe. It is unsustainable. There is not
a site large enough to contain HANSARP, and HANSARP grows larger
everyday.

The worst of all of this is that SCP-4485-B instances have a more
potent detrimental effect on logic when they're together. A group of a
dozen in a village can ruin reason in an area for months. For better
or worse, we've got a thousand of these individuals in a bubble the
size of an apartment building underground. Don't be mistaken - the
Dissociation Engine is a miracle, but it's a machine. The backups are
machines. Everything that secures this device is a machine, and if
HANSARP finds a workaround to those systems, that's it.

In our attempts to save ourselves we have built a bomb filled to the
brim with the most potent of payloads. We have armed it with a fuse
that logically cannot be lit, and are hoping to keep it safe from an
intelligence that does not care whether the facts say it can or
cannot.

I am attaching a document to this report. It was recovered during a
sweep of the last site we had to burn to the ground. Based on this
document, HANSARP knows. They are among us, dear council members. We
must act swiftly.


- Recovered Document


Recovered document taken from Site-39. Image is of a sluice gate in
service to DEEPWELL-9. Origin of photograph is unknown.






