                                    SCP-214                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                Hemotopian Virus                                
                                ----------------                                

Item #: SCP-214 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-214 is to be contained in a 4 by 4 meter 
quarantine cell suitable for long term human habitation within Bio-Research 
Area-12. It is to be considered an etiological agent of a level four biohazard. 
Level four biohazard containment requires clean rooms, pre- and post-entry 
decontamination showers, and a vacuum antechamber. All air and water sources to 
SCP-214's containment area are to be isolated from the rest of the area. All 
employees entering SCP-214's containment area must wear hazmat-suits with 
self-contained oxygen supply and supplemental cut-resistant liner. The cell 
shall be under continuous observation using remote video surveillance. SCP-214 
is to be considered a danger to itself and others and shall not be allowed to 
possess potentially dangerous utensils. Due to SCP-214's distinct perception of 
pain, guards shall not cause physical injury to it except under the direction of 
Level 2 staff. 

Beyond the above procedures, all personnel intending to interact with SCP-214 
are to undergo psychological evaluation. Any employees with prior history of 
depression are not permitted to interact with it. Regular sessions of 
psychological observation are to occur post-research on all participants. Any 
personnel exhibiting two or more of the following symptoms during observation 
are to be quarantined immediately in identical containment to SCP-214: 

self-harming behaviors 

blunted affect 

glossolalia 

logorrhea 

compulsive lying 

silvery discharge from mucus membranes or wounds 

obsessive-compulsive behaviors, particularly in writing or speech 

Research staff is heavily encouraged to read Log-214 and Interview-214 before 
conducting experiments, as a precautionary measure. 

Description: SCP-214 is male, age ██, formerly Agent █████ of the 
Foundation. Physical and mental changes were noted after investigation of 
Incident ███ at ██████ Public Library, MA. Containment of 
SCP-214 is detailed in [REDACTED]. A physical examination of SCP-214 shows the 
replacement of most bodily fluids, including but not limited to blood, vitreous 
humor, seminal fluid, and cerebrospinal fluid, with a mercury-like substance. 
Chemical analysis shows that the substance is a suspension of complex 
organometallic compounds in a protein- and lipid-enriched serum, but so far, 
nothing more can be ascertained of its origins or purpose. Most bodily functions 
were observed to no longer be active in SCP-214, though the related organs still 
exist in a preserved state within the body cavity. This includes the brain, 
which no longer shows activity on electroencephalography. It shows notable 
selective regenerative properties, some injuries vanishing within moments of 
infliction while others remain unhealed, even after a period of time in which a 
normal human would have recovered. SCP-214 does not experience pain normally, 
instead reacting to it as pleasure with no regard to physical damage to its 
body. Objects have been noted to disappear in the vicinity of SCP-214. There is 
currently no known method of recovering lost items. 


Addendum 214a Excerpts of Agent █████'s diary relating to becoming 
SCP-214 have been transcribed to Log-214 

Log-214

Personal Log of: Agent █████

Date: 04-05- ████

I got my latest assignment. Apparently there's reports of cult
activity centered around a public library in ██████. Shipping out
tomorrow to investigate, along with the rest of Lambda-7. There's
major concern about it being a part of Church of the Broken God given
that the location contains a large museum of machinery. Hate dealing
with them, the crazy machine god thing gives me more creeps than rest
of the shit here. Most of them only kill your body.

Date: 04-09- ████

Initial recon's back on the building. Nothing anomalous so far with
ninety percent of the building mapped. Only thing left is the
periodicals wing, that seems to be closed for renovations. Seems like
people go into there quite a bit after dark, but the door's always
locked and the architect that designed this place seems to have a
personal vendetta against windows. Nothing wrong with spikes though,
this place has spikes on every surface they could think of. Team's
going to shadow one of them in tomorrow and see what's going on
inside.

Note: Between this log and the next, the entirety of Lambda-7 vanished
without a trace, along with the reported cultists.

Date: 04-11- ████

Pages upon pages flitter through my mind, breeze born motion revealing
in the saturation of information. Coalesced and indexed to perfection,
safely stored. The Library approves of the new acquisitions to its
collection, filling her walls evermore with the distilled essence of
being, for all to borrow but never keep. Subsuming the identity,
enrobing oneself in another for a time for the goals for the plans and
partly realized dreams. Emulating the flesh and its frailties, its
ichors and impulses as a marionette on string dancing its jerky
frivolity.

Date: 04-12- ████ 9:32 AM

Awake again. Not sure how long I've slept on the way back to
[REDACTED]. Read previous log, I think I might have been sleep
deprived. It doesn't make any sense. Cult's gone. Team's gone. Writing
after action report. Attempted to erase previous log but can't see the
button to do that. Compromised. The word keeps echoing in my head. I
think I've been compromised. Cut myself shaving this morning and bled
quicksilver into the sink. The sensation of the blade cutting into my
skin felt like a lover's caress. It's my duty to self terminate. I've
been compromised. Once the report's done, I'll do that. Still have my
side arm.

12:04 PM

Tension, build up, trembling finger, burnt cordite taste, the flash,
the burst, the romance of lead entangling bone and fat, followed by
orgiastic release.

Date: 04-13- ████

Awake again. Bullet didn't do anything. No recollection since I pulled
the trigger. I was in the bathroom, now I'm in bed. There's hotel and
medical staff uniforms laying around but no people, no remains, no
sign of a struggle and not a drop of blood. Tried to call my superiors
to warn them that I'm coming but my fingers keep missing the numbers.
All I can do is write in here. Something makes me think that they want
this to be found, just too late. Still bleeding out of the back of my
head. Something feels right about that and the warm sensation running
down is delightful.

<End Log>


Addendum 214b Logs of interview with SCP-214 have been transcribed to 
Interview-214 

Interview-214

Interviewed: SCP-214

Interviewer: Researcher ██████


Foreword: Initial interview to ascertain the origin of SCP-214

<Begin Log>

Researcher ██████: I'd like you to tell me again about what happened
at the library.

SCP-214: Library, home sweet home. Have you been to the periodicals
section? Such a lovely place, glittering with the dewy webs of
knowledge strewn across the indexes.

Researcher ██████: Home? Do you mean like a metaphysical home, or did
you actually plan to live there? We show your address of record as
[REDACTED].

SCP-214: I've always been there. I'm still there. Home is where the
Library is, after all. And this is my home now, isn't it? So this is
the Library now. It'll be a fine one too, once I get everything
organized.

Researcher ██████: What do you remember of before the library? Do you
remember your name? Do you remember why you were sent to the library?

SCP-214: Oh, my name is SCP-214, isn't it? Filed and stored away with
so many other texts. I greatly admire your work. You hold so many
beautiful things here.

Researcher ██████: That's your designation, yes. Do you remember what
it was?

SCP-214: Designation, a distinguishing name. Yes. I know it. Do you
remember what yours is?

Researcher ██████: Of course, it's ██████, but I'm not the one
answering the questions here. Do you remember what happened at the
library between when you arrived and you were found?

SCP-214: Are you sure? Because you told me it was Alicia before. Some
times, people lose themselves and I wouldn't want that to happen to
you. It's for your own good that you know yourself. What happened?
What always happens in a Library. Knowledge was exchanged.

Researcher ██████: Alicia? What, no. You're attempting to change the
subject. What knowledges were exchanged in the library? With whom?
Reports suggested ██ people inside engaging in some kind of
synchronized ritual, but when we showed up, you were the only one
there. What happened to the rest of the people, 214?

SCP-214: I already told you. Knowledge was exchanged. Everything is
information, to be stored and sorted. Compressed, if need be.

Researcher ██████: Stored where? There were no traces of any other
individuals inside that building when the recovery team arrived, but
you were covered in [long pause] the unknown sample.

SCP-214: Oh Alicia, you do have such a limited view of things here.
You ask the wrong questions. You already know where. They're in the
Library. They never left.

Researcher ██████: My name isn't… we did a thorough search of the
library. You were the only one inside. We didn't even pick up DNA
traces; someone or something had swept it clean. Tell me what happened
in the library. What happened to those seventeen people, T… 214?

SCP-214: You keep confusing the map for the territory Alicia. It is a
bad habit. They've been indexed in the Library, stored, numbered and
sorted.

Researcher ██████: You… you don't mean the building, do you? When you
talk about the Library?

SCP-214: You do good work here. We work at complimentary purposes. To
secure, protect and contain. To organize, quantify and enlighten. You
are so bright, Alicia. Just a few more steps now.

Researcher ██████: Can you… can you show me the Library?

SCP-214: Of course I can.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: Researcher ██████ was found after the interview
inside SCP-214's enclosure, leaking silvery fluid from [REDACTED].



Addendum 214c Researcher ██████ has been detained after showing 
symptoms identical in nature to SCP-214 at the conclusion of L214. Containment 
procedures have been updated to reflect the contagious nature of SCP-214. 


