                                    SCP-093                                     
                                    =======                                     

                                 Red Sea Object                                 
                                 --------------                                 

Item #: SCP-093 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: See testing document SCP-093-T1 for outline of 
testing conditions. SCP-093 must remain on a mirror at all times and under video 
surveillance. Admittance into the area of SCP-093's containment must be 
authorized only with proper video recording and subject retrieval procedures in 
place. Any attempt to use SCP-093 outside of an approved test will be dealt with 
severely, up to and including termination. 

Description: SCP-093 is a primarily red disc carved from a stone composite 
resembling cinnabar, with circular engravings and unknown symbols carved at 
0.5 cm depth around the entire object. Deeper cuts are present on SCP-093 with 
a depth of 1 to 1.5 cm. SCP-093 is 7.62 cm in diameter and fits comfortably 
into most palms without abrasion. SCP-093 will change hue when held by a living 
individual. The colors taken by SCP-093 are still being researched to establish 
a link. Current belief holds that the changes depend upon regrets carried by the 
holder. 

If SCP-093 is removed from a mirror and not held by a person, it will seek out 
the nearest mirror-like surface. SCP-093 has been observed to travel in the 
largest possible circle while rolling, building up phenomenal speed. The 
mechanism of this acceleration is currently unknown. If an obstacle is between 
SCP-093 and the nearest mirror-like surface, it will use this momentum to punch 
through the obstacle and continue on its course at this speed. It will only stop 
when a mirror-like surface is contacted. Despite tremendous impact velocities, 
no damage will be dealt to SCP-093 or the mirror. 

Additional Notes: No records exist to clarify the nature of SCP-093's discovery 
or presence in the Foundation. See SCP-093-OD. Since no records exist explaining 
SCP-093's method of containment, a test procedure was initiated to establish why 
mirrors must be used to contain it. The results of SCP-093-T1 lead to the 
discovery of living beings holding SCP-093 being able to move through mirrors 
and the series of tests in SCP-093-T2 to ascertain the destination reached 
through this travel. 


SCP-093 Original Documentation 

Item #: SCP-093 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-093 is to be kept on a silver lined 
mirror on a 0.3x0.23m (1ftx9in) pedestal at least 1.22m (4ft) off the ground 
floor in containment cell block ████. Object is not to be contained in 
areas exceeding 3.66x3.05m (12x10ft) nor placed on mahogany, pine, cherry or 
aluminum pedestals above or below level 1 of containment cell block 
████. Object can be handled safely, albeit gently, without consequences. 
Tests and consequences thereof involving containment conditions can be viewed in 
Section-B:35-1 of the attached report. 

Description: Object was found on the shore of the Red Sea, 30 Jan 1968, emitting 
a low sigh and a dim blue gleam. Its color has since turned into an orange mix 
of red only emitting a hum of varying volume whilst in the presence of female 
examiners of ages between 34 and 41. SCP-093 resembled the documented blue for 
54:34 at 1:23 on 26 April 1986 coincidentally when the body of 194-9834 was 
discovered in Research Facility █████. 

Ties between 194-9834 and SCP-093 remain inconclusive and effects of prolonged 
exposure to 093 remain unknown except for infrequent reports of periods of 
calmness and in the case of 242-0049 as periodic waves of depression, loss of 
balance and thoughts of suicide. These feelings have reportedly not exceeded 
eleven days in duration. Object seemed to react to the presence of 242-0056 by 
turning light violet for no more than 2:09, as documented on 12 March 1993. 
Effects of this reaction remain unknown. 

Additional Notes: Origins of 093 remain unknown and documents of recovery of 093 
have since been destroyed in a fire in Research Facility █████, 09 
December 1989. Reports on the feelings of researchers who handled 093 have 
remained inconsequential since 19 April 1995. 


SCP-093-T1: Containment Test 

Testing of SCP-093 against conditions set forth for existing containment 
procedures to assess viability of continuing such containment. Beginning with 
changing the type of mirror used as a position of rest: 

Mirrored surface, brass frame, retail-grade mirror: SCP-093 rests without 
activity when placed on the mirror. This test alone removes the need for costly 
silver or wooden containment systems. 

Standard-grade table: SCP-093 turns upright and begins to roll across the table 
surface in one direction, making a U-turn and rolling to the other, completing 
an oval shape and repeating this action until a mirror is brought into vicinity 
of it, at which time SCP-093 rolls toward the mirror and lays flatways against 
it, sliding toward the center. It is noted that despite the grainy feel of 
SCP-093, it does not mark the mirror in any fashion while moving across it. 

Two mirrors at either end of a standard-grade table: SCP-093 gravitates toward 
the closer mirror regardless of orientation and makes no distinction between 
different types of mirrors, favoring a factor of distance above all else in 
choosing the mirror to move to. 

A mirror held by a person and moved around: SCP-093 follows the mirror as it 
moves, gaining speed until a maximum velocity of ██████ is reached. 
At any velocity, the impact of SCP-093 against a mirrored surface results in no 
damage to either object. 

A person holding SCP-093 placing it on a mirror: This test was accidental, the 
result of one of the staff tripping another after some debate about who would be 
covering the lunch tab. As a result of the behavior of the researchers, it was 
discovered that a person holding SCP-093 and placing it against a mirror will in 
fact move into the mirror. 

Addendum: Containment testing discontinued after establishing that SCP-093 
requires only a mirror to rest inert. Testing on human interaction with mirrors 
while holding SCP-093 authorized by Dr. █████. 


SCP-093-T2 : Mirror Test 

Testing Protocols: Subjects testing SCP-093 must wear a Class 3 buckle harness 
strapped to the chest and attached to a tension pulley system allowing for 
300 m (~1000 ft) of movement. Additional spools may be added to extend movement 
if necessary. The clasps connecting these spools must be high grade and capable 
of withstanding applied force of 0.2 tons. 

A field kit containing the following should be standard issue for testing of 
SCP-093: 

One (1) wrist mounted light source with three (3) hours lifespan and additional 
power sources providing up to six (6) additional hours. 

Four (4) 0.5 L water bottles with water. 

Four (4) MREs of any type, plus two (2) plain granola bars (chocolate chips 
allowed). 

One (1) standard-issue Beretta 9mm firearm with twenty-four (24) rounds of 
ammunition, loaded. This is not to be issued until subject has passed into a 
mirror using SCP-093 and should be given under armed supervision ensuring that 
the subject passes through entirely. This item is to be requisitioned first upon 
subject's return and subject to be made aware of this before leaving line of 
sight within SCP-093's mirror. 

One (1) standard-issue field knife. The subject is not to be made aware of this 
item and must find it on his own within the kit. 

The subject must also be attached to a video system, with a camera mounted on 
the subject's head or shoulders. The video device should be cable based and 
allow for the same length of travel as the return system. Wireless cameras have 
shown mixed results and should only be used in testing conditions where SCP-093 
is a currently known color. New colors must be tested using wired feed. 

During testing, the color of SCP-093 must be recorded, as well as history of the 
subject in terms of their incarceration to identify how SCP-093 determines the 
color to assume. A link appears to be connected to guilt or a lack thereof in 
the subject's psyche. The attached test results should be read in order. 


SCP-093 'Blue' Test 

Mirror Test 1: Color (Blue)

Subject is D-20384, male, 34 years of age, strong physique. Subject's
background shows instance of murder/attempted suicide. Subject is
co-operative in all steps of testing. Subject entered the provided
mirror while holding SCP-093, which emitted a blue color. Outside
technicians observed that the mirror retained a true reflection until
subject had completely passed into it, at which time the view changed
to an outdoor landscape, heavily tinged in blue. Video feed follows in
attached media:

Camera activates, flickers to view. Subject is looking out over the
same field reported by technicians. Looks like typical lowland plains,
everything has a heavy blue tinge overlapping the normal colors. No
discernible landmarks visible as subject pans view left to right, only
grass, weeds, and a breeze moving the taller grass. No trees. No
living beings visible.

Subject moves forward as instructed, traveling for approximately 500
steps before something becomes visible, a patch of the land up ahead
is barren and grass can be seen dying as subject approaches it.
Approximately 300 steps forward subject is standing before a hole in
the ground. The hole has been dug using unknown tools of primitive
origin.

Pulley system engaged and the camera suffers a light shudder. Subject
is instructed to enter the hole, and after mild protesting agrees to
do so. There is no apparent method of descent such as ladder or rope,
subject relies entirely on his own hands and the pulley system to slow
the descent. Approximately 100 m of cable is used before a bottom is
reached, light source provided in field kit activated 50 m down when
outside sources become unreliable. Sweeping gestures of the light
reveal nothing more than dirt even at the bottom of the hole.

Subject moves forward with assistance of light source. Asked about the
blue tinge subject expresses confusion and says there is no such tinge
from his perspective, and never was. Light is visible down the passage
and 150 m of cable has been used. Out of the camera's eye sound is
recorded of the firearm being prepared. When questioned about these
actions subject states justified precaution and moves forward.

The tunnel turns from bare dirt to a concrete enclosure, subject
complains of a stench. The light source is revealed to be ceiling
light fixtures, a series of which with less than a quarter broken
while the others function. A series of six doors, three to a side,
span before the camera view with a seventh door visible at the end of
the corridor that has been blocked by what looks like generic metal
shelving debris. Debris shows signs of rusting and is typical of
retail store units suggesting other human presences.

Subject requested to try doors, in whatever order he chooses. Subject
tries first door on right, door is locked, does not open. Second door
tries to open but does not budge, unlocked but blocked. Closing second
door, third door is tried, same results as first. Going up the other
side the third door does open fully and light is bright in the room.
Portable light switched off at this time as subject pans camera to
inspect room.

Room is bare, no contents, but walls are filthy. Subject states
material on walls isn't dirt, but he can't identify it, seems to
resemble melted plastic but is brown in color rather than black. Door
is closed. Second door on left side has no handle, does not move when
pushed. The hole where the handle was is plugged by unknown material.
All doors are shaped in such a way that nothing can visibly escape
from the sides and space for movement is too thin to look through even
at ground level. First door on left hand is locked, but part of key is
present in lock from stem to the ridges, the back has been broken off.

With effort subject manipulates key to open door and immediately
begins coughing, complaining of a stench. Walls of room are clean as
is floor, ceiling is coated in the same strange brown material as the
third room. In this room there is a makeshift cot made from aged
blankets with a pillow, a wooden crate containing open boxes of what
appears to have been food stuffs, language appears on video as
squiggles however subject states they simply read 'Cereal'. A second
crate in the room contains what appear to be empty water bottles that
have dried out. A book lays next to the cot, closed, no title or
identifying marks.

On the wall is what appears to be clipped articles but language cannot
be read, subject asked to remove clippings for retrieval. All articles
but one crumble at the touch due to age. The intact article is put in
a field sample container and seems the most recent compared to the
others. Asked to investigate the book, subject begins to move toward
it.

Audio on the tape goes strange and a high pitched screeching noise
like grinding metal dominates all communication for 3.5 seconds.
Subject has not touched the book still, and when the noise stops,
subject asks control to repeat request. Control made no requests
during that time as headsets were removed. Subject advised to leave
room and notes that the door has begun closing slowly on its own and
if left alone, will close. Subject advised to leave door alone and to
investigate door on right.

Careful review of the following ten seconds of tape shows that as the
camera pans, a figure is visible at the end of the tunnel where the
seventh door is. The door is open only enough for a face to be seen
through a crack just before the door silently closes. No details can
be seen.

Subject investigates the second door on the right with no mention of
anything seen out of the ordinary. This door when pushed against
moves, and after repeated bashings, moves enough to view inside at an
angle. A cork board is visible with more articles attached to it, the
top of a box of 'cereal' can be seen on the floor, and what appears to
be a hand laying palm up. Subject closes door and pans camera past
door seven which remains closed. Seeing nowhere else to explore,
subject requested to return. Subject poses no protest and complains of
ever increasing stench.

As subject returns back down tunnel his camera feed does not change or
show anomaly but control reports a sudden surge in cable movement
pulling an additional 100 m of cable through before going slack again
and then tightening. Video feed shows subject ascending tunnel slowly
while control attempts to verify integrity of the pulley system.
Subject requested to stop ascent but states he is not climbing, the
rope is pulling him up. Panic sets in on both sides and subject
informed to ready firearm.

Upon reaching top of hole, nothing is visible on camera and subject
reports nothing has changed in landscape, then begins a return trip
following the path of the cable. Traveling for approximately 900 steps
subject asks how much cable he has used. Control admits they are
unsure due to complications but subject traveled in a straight line to
reach the hole so it should be a straight line back. Subject becomes
concerned when he states that more cable is visible now, moving in a
90 degree angle away from a point in the ground.

Subject pans camera around full circle slowly. On film, behind
subject, a crowd of 37 countable figures stand silently, features are
unidentifiable and they are lacking the blue tinge that dominates the
landscape. Panic breaks in control again but subject notes only oddity
as being the cable having an angled path. Subject tugs his end of the
cable, it is taut and does not move. Control begins to reel in the
pulley system and slack rapidly winds. Watching the angled cable
movement can be seen as grass is disturbed further down the angled
portion from the reeling in then the line vibrates as it meets
resistance and emits a 'twang' from the recoil. Subject's camera pans
back along length of cable which now appears to slowly be allowing
more slack before suddenly all slack is returned and pulley system
begins again.

Control requests subject return following cable path and screams are
caught on the audio with panic from subject. Five shots fired as
subject aims pistol at something not visible on camera. Control
reports being able to see subject returning toward point of origin
while camera shows wire disappearing into a point floating in the air.
As subject passes this point all cable is now in the pulley system and
camera films only the floor. Control reports that the mirror took
approximately five seconds to return to a reflection and SCP-093
remained blue in color until one hour after being recovered from
subject.

A vile smelling fluid was present on subject's clothes around his
hands when firearm was recovered. This fluid dried quickly and was
deemed insignificant of study due to lack of quality sample. Control
personnel monitoring the mirror state having seen a massive human
being, crawling on the ground, easily fifty times the size of a normal
person with no facial features and a very short arm reach, pulling
itself toward the mirror before it returned to a reflection. Due to
proximity fine details could not be made out but at least one observer
noted the being appeared to have been shot from the marks in the
otherwise smooth featureless face.

Field Test Kit recovered from subject containing a news paper article
that reads: [DATA EXPUNGED] and was filed as item [DATA EXPUNGED].

The next test is classified as the Green Test.


SCP-093 'Green' Test 

Mirror Test 2: Color (Green)

Subject is D-54493, female, 23 years of age, average physique.
Subject's background shows instance of grand theft auto and second
degree murder of two children during escape with vehicle. Subject is
co-operative in all steps of testing. Subject entered the provided
mirror while holding SCP-093 which emitted a green color. Outside
technicians observed that the mirror retained a true reflection until
subject had completely passed into it, at which time the view changed
to a farming landscape, heavily tinged in green, similar to the first
test. Video feed follows in attached media:

Camera activates, flickers to view. Subject is looking out over the
same farmland reported by technicians. All greens through video feed
are deeper and green tinge overlays the normal colors of objects
similar to the blue tinge in Test 1. No landmarks from Test 1 are
discernible as subject pans camera over area.

Present is a field, long abandoned, in the middle of which stands the
remains of a scarecrow of unknown design, fragments left are rotted
and torn. Nothing grows in the tilled land. A farm house is visible to
the right of the field, large, two stories, a basement shelter
entrance is visible at one end. Subject prepares her sidearm
immediately and is asked by control to relax before proceeding, her
heavy breathing dominating the audio feed.

Subject takes a few minutes and announces that she's fine, then
proceeds as directed to walk the perimeter of the farmhouse.
Children's bicycles, two, a boy's and girl's, lay against the house
near the shelter doors. One of the doors to the shelter lay in the
grass, torn from the entrance as evidenced by splintering wood. On the
stairs lay clothes arranged in a descending order, shoes to shirt
going down them, belonging to a boy. Subject begins screaming at
control asking if this is some sort of sick joke. Control assures her
they have never seen this environment either and to please calm down.
Subject takes several minutes to regain herself before continuing. It
is unknown if SCP-093 is linking the subject's past with her
landscape.

After several minutes subject agrees to continue. Communication to
subject is muted and conversation of control making commentary about
subject's jittery attitude make up audio for one and a half minutes.
Communication restored as subject reaches bottom of stairs. The cellar
of the farmhouse is unremarkable and typical. Several wooden shelves
line the far wall containing unidentified canned substances. Broken
light fixtures sway gently from support beams. Camera is panned across
the basement slowly, no evidence of footprints are visible and the
basement can be assumed to have been abandoned for some time. Subject
begins to comment about a stench.

As subject pans the area a metal hatch is visible in the ground,
similar to a bulkhead on a submarine with a turn handle. Subject
remarks that the smell is at its worst around the hatch and the dirt
around the hatch is noted as being clumped and claylike. The handle of
the hatch is old and the paint chipped. Subject coerced into turning
the handle which, when fully turned, opens the hatch. Subject begins
coughing at the release of assumed old, stale air. When camera is
tilted to view down the hatch, it is a white concrete tunnel similar
to the one found in the blue experiment but in much better condition.
Subject asked to descend ladder and close hatch behind her.

After some convincing subject agrees to descend but does not close the
hatch, overlooked concerns about severing the pulley return system in
doing so are acknowledged. Descent down the ladder and trip to the
farmhouse has consumed approximately 53 m of cable when bottom is
reached. The inside of the hatch appears to be a bunker ill-suited to
long term usage. It is spacious, about half the size of the actual
cellar itself, containing three bunks, one for a couple and two for
single use.

Several boxes of food similar to those found during Blue marked as
'Cereal' fill a waste container near the hatch bottom. On the beds are
two skeletons and on the floor is a third, lying next to which is a
simple six shooter revolver containing no ammunition. Three spent
casings are across the floor near the gun. On the other side of this
skeleton is a bound book in good condition, this is retrieved and
placed into a Field Kit container upon request. The gun is left alone
per request from control.

Subject examines more of the bunker, focusing on a desk where a
newspaper has been cut and is in good condition. The clipped articles
are recovered using a Field Kit container. Little else of interest to
be brought back is in the bunker as the camera is panned around. Trash
bags containing clothing, a few children’s toys resembling popular
1950s era products are lined against the wall.

Subject is requested to leave the bunker and then sharply asked to
wait by a control technician who directs the camera view to an area
near the exiting doorway to the hatch. Closer inspection as subject
moves in finds that a small area has been fitted with what appears to
be an Ethernet jack, the cover of which has been forced slightly away
from the wall by a strange amber-like substance. Subject refuses to
touch or collect a sample commenting that it stinks so bad that if
they want it they can come get it themselves. Control declines and
subject leaves bunker.

As subject grips ladder to leave the camera pans up for a moment and
at the top of the tunnel a humanoid figure is seen peering down.
Control asks subject to confirm figure, subject states nothing is up
there and begins to climb. Figure draws out of camera view after first
rung is touched by subject who ascends without incident. At the top of
the tunnel, no other life is seen, nothing has been disturbed. Subject
insists nothing was there and closes the hatch, then immediately
vomits.

Subject coughs and uses a supplied water bottle to gargle then freezes
and asks if control is hearing 'that'. Control reports no audio.
Subject approaches cellar hatch cautiously with firearm drawn and
lifts her head just enough so camera can view outside area. In the
distance, approximately 700 m from the farm, two massive, humanoid
beings are crawling across the landscape. The entities do not notice
the subject who remains quiet but whose drawn sidearm is visibly
trembling.

Subject requested to remain still and silent as beings move. They are
featureless, facing at an angle moving across the field of vision so
the faces are only visible for a few moments. During this time it is
clear they have no facial features. The arms they use to drag
themselves are short at times and long at others, stretching out to
varying lengths each time they move. There is no rear area to the
beings, all bodily design appears to end at the torso. The two
creatures take approximately ten minutes to disappear into the
distance before the subject begins to panic and begs to return.
Request declined. Subject instructed to enter the home from the
cellar, and not to leave the home under any circumstances.

The first floor is entered through a hatch in the ceiling/floor that
opens with rusty creaks that cause subject to pause for 37 seconds
before continuing upward and entering a kitchen. A heavy layer of dust
coats all items in the kitchen. The refrigerator is left open, all
food is spoiled. Adjacent the kitchen is a living area that subject
enters slowly. There is a recliner, a couch, and a television all of
1950s style design. In the recliner is a laptop whose case also
resembles 1950s decor and is coated in heavy dust. Opening the laptop
reveals the last moments of its operating system, "Faithful OS"
leaving a standby mode and immediately shutting off. Laptop has no
external power source and will not power back on. When asked to
recover laptop, it brings the cushion of the recliner with it, the two
stuck together. Subject advised to leave laptop where it is.

The inside door leaving the home is nailed shut with thick wood
planks, no attempt made to interact with these. Camera view pans to a
staircase leading upstairs. Subject ascends the stairs without being
asked and the stairs remain silent to control's surprise. When subject
reaches top of stairs a hallway with two doors is viewed, one on each
side, and at the end of the hall a dumbwaiter is inlaid into the wall.

Subject opens door on left on her own, which opens to a master
bedroom. The bed is neatly made but the wardrobe next to it is thrown
open and clothes are everywhere on the floor. Subject finds laid out
on the bed several pieces of jewelry and is informed to leave them.
Subject begins to protest, then comments they stink and leaves them
alone, promptly leaving room. Subject asked to open second door.

The second door opens and gives a view of a shared children's bedroom,
obviously boy and girl given the types of toys and clothes scattered
on the floor. There is also a window which subject approaches and
wipes with a curtain to clear dust. Subject requested to move camera
to window and does so. The farmland is visible, and approximately 40
km from it at best guess, a city. As the camera starts to draw back it
pans down and films the area around the house. Approximately 300
figures similar to those from the footage captured during Blue test
are visible around the home, all staring up. Subject asked to confirm
figures but states nothing is there. Subject requested to return and
quickly agrees.

Egress from the house is uneventful, pulley system shows no erratic
behavior. As subject returns to point of pulley wire's origin a loud
groaning noise causes the picture to reverberate. Technicians at
control report they were also able to hear the noise and experienced
the vibration. Subject returns through point of origin without
investigation and mirror returns to reflective surface. SCP-093
relinquished. Video ends.

Returned newspaper fragments filed as █████.

The next test is classified as the Violet Test.


SCP-093 'Violet' Test 

Mirror Test 3: Color (Violet)

Subject is D-84930, male, 21 years of age, average physique. Subject's
background shows instance of second degree murder of a police officer
during a drug bust. Normally this crime, while severe, would not
qualify a person for a sentence that would end up with us, but the
murder of the officer was especially brutal and excessive violence was
used. This subject was uncooperative and had to be reminded that his
cooperation would only benefit him. Subject entered the provided
mirror while holding SCP-093 which emitted a violet color. Outside
technicians observed that the mirror retained a true reflection until
subject had completely passed into it, at which time the view changed
to a cityscape, urban, lightly tinged in purple, similar to the first
test. Video feed follows in attached media:

Camera flickers to life and pans around the area. Subject is in what
appears to be a modern downtown district similar to a city like New
York. The streets are mostly bare except for a few cars of unknown
make or model. These cars look highly advanced and streamlined.
Subject attempts to look into the car windows without being instructed
to but backs away remarking there is a 'rank ass stank' coming from
the areas around most of them.

Subject is persuaded to move closer to one car and does so with
coughing, wiping off a window which is covered in dirt. The inside of
the car appears to be completely filled with a strange brown matter,
there is nothing at all visible other than the brown matter. Two other
cars produce the same results however a fourth vehicle seems more
recent than the others and the insides are immaculate. The doors to
this vehicle also are unlocked and subject quickly gets inside then
shuts the doors. Subject is chastised for this behavior by control who
reminds him his lifeline is nothing more than a cable, which is sturdy
enough that closing the car door does not injure it, but they cannot
recover a person in motion.

Subject argues with control over this issue and pans the camera across
the dashboard, pointing out he couldn't drive away even if he tried.
The dashboard is void of any recognizable controls, no ignition, no
steering, it has several small blank screens that are theorized to be
a GPS system. Subject remains in the car while control discusses how
to proceed since the city landscape is far larger than the previous
test destinations.

Control debates this issue while subject stares around the cityscape
from the car. During one pan a face is clearly seen staring into the
car, eyes watching the subject; however, this was not noticed until
post-test footage review. Subject made no comment regarding this
entity at any point. Control shortly after informs subject to remain
where he is and an escort team is dispatched through the mirror to
join him.

A team of four armed personnel is sent through the mirror and proceeds
to subject's location. Subject is then instructed to remove his
harness, which is recovered. This subject's video feed then ends and
is replaced by a wireless unit used by the escort team. The video
quality on this unit is subject to more interference but in order to
mark the mirror exit a receiver system is placed through the mirror.

Subject leaves the car and now travels with the escort team. Given the
myriad of possible options they are instructed to simply move to the
closest building and attempt to enter it. This building has etched
glass doors bearing the name 'X.E.A. Research Partners Inc.' and the
doors are ajar; a magnetic lock system is present, but has lost power.
Team enters the building and main lobby.

This area resembles a stereotypical corporate lobby. There is a C
shaped receptionist desk with a chair pushed far from it as if it was
left in a hurry. A PC terminal is at the desk as well. Team approaches
the desk and the camera bearer is instructed to examine the PC. The
unit does appear to have power and "Faithful OS" appears on the screen
requesting a login and password. A keyboard is present but is
remarkably slim with touch sensitive keys rather than press down keys.
After one failed attempt the lock screen replies that maximum attempts
have been exceeded and the PC turns off. No actual tower or power
button can be located so team moves forward.

Behind the receptionist desk are two elevator doors, one to the left
and one to the right, with similar touch-sense keys. The elevator on
the left is broken, the door open and the shaft empty. The elevator on
the right appears functional and has power. Without a clear
destination the team is instructed to proceed to the highest floor to
get a lay of the city. All floors appear to be accessible with the
highest being 114, in reality 112 as 13 and 113 are missing from the
keypad.

Journey up the elevator is uneventful during this time, the elevator
does appear to take longer as it passes by 13 and then 113, suggesting
that entire floor was built and nothing put on it. At 114 the doors
open and team enters a large lounge type area. There are many couches
with dust on them, a wide screen apparently LCD TV of approximately
60+ inches in size dominates the wall in front of them with no power.
A series of windows are open, allowing in sunlight at the far end to
which the team proceeds and angles the camera outside.

The view of the city is astonishing. This building is one of the
tallest visible but certainly not alone in its stature. The city below
is gray and silent, no evidence of life at this altitude. Some
buildings in the city have a strange brown growth that appears to have
been splashed against them as if a gelatinous mass was flung and then
seeped down before hardening. Other buildings have floors where the
glass has been shattered and the same brown substance is seeping out
the edges. One member of the team calls the camera bearer to the
windows on the other side.

From the other side of the building, the city edges can be seen.
Attention is pointed toward an expressway that encircles the city upon
which crawls another of the large half-body humanoids, dragging itself
with its elastic arms as witnessed in previous tests. It travels the
highway then moves out of sight. The team returns to the elevator and
notes that a button has already been activated for floor 74. No one
has approached the elevator so the team agrees to travel to this
floor.

On the 74th floor the doors open and reveal a waiting area to what
appears to be a doctor's office. At the reception desk there is a sign
in sheet with a series of names and dates. The dates on the sign in
sheet all carry the year 1953. A PC at the receptionist area is on and
functioning at a user desktop. The background for the PC is a large
set of praying hands with the word "Faithful OS" under them. On the
desktop are a series of folders with years on them containing files
that, when clicked using the center button of the mouse, open to a
word viewer. All files appear to be appointment information.

On the desk is a notepad titled 'From the desk of Dr. Borisizki,
Blessed Purificationist'. The door to the doctor's area is sketched
with the same name and title as well as a crucifix. Opening this door
leads to a white dust-free hallway that has two examination rooms and
a key coded door at the end. The examination rooms are unremarkable
and typical of any doctor's office. All medicine cabinets are empty. A
small amount of C4 is placed at the lock to the key coded door at the
request of control and then blown, forcing the door open.

The area it opens into is much larger than the reception area itself
and seems to contain a series of large containment capsules. There are
a total of six of these capsules, two are broken and a brownish amber
material coats the floor coming from them. One is empty, the last
three have nude humans floating in them with breathing masks. Attached
to the front of these tubes are medical charts showing vital signs and
conditions. For symptoms, the charts explain in somewhat awkward
English ailments that seem more like flaws of personality or
character, or just incidents that have occurred with the patient.

Control asks for a zoom of one of the patient pages on the chart.
After focusing, it reads 'Citizen Jennifer McZirka did suffer a lapse
of the heart that did lead her to lay with her neighbor twice upon
nights of her husband’s departure from their home. Patient did submit
herself into the Lord's and our hands for cleansing of mind and body.
Prayer administered by High Father Uwalakin and patient submitted to a
three day period in the Lord's tears to cleanse her system then
released in good spirits.'

The topmost page reads 'Citizen Alberious Farafan struck out at a High
Father during a sermon, blaspheming that the Lord's tears did turn his
daughter to be unright in mind and heart thusly laying blame for her
whoreish activities at the feet of the High Father and his blessing.
With no proof of these blasphemes the Forgiving Judge and the
Punishing Judge did agree that Alberious Farafan should bathe in the
Lord's tears himself for a week to be cleansed of mind and soul thus
to prove his daughter's ways are fault of not The Fathers Hands and to
give him peace of self.'

Subject who has been traveling quietly with the escort team now begins
to panic. The camera pans to focus on him and he is surrounded by
entities similar to those witnessed in the first two tests. Escort
team reports in that subject is having a panic attack but control
requests them to stand still and wait. Subject screams at the
entities, which are denied to exist by team commander, stating Subject
is alone in the corner. Control requests that one team member be
dispatched to approach and recover the subject. The escort team member
approaches the subject as ordered. On the video the figures part to
make a pathway for the approaching member who lifts Subject to his
feet and brings him out of the corner. Figures on video are then seen
closing ranks to close the path. Subject is lifted to his feet by an
arm and escorted through the figures that close their ranks when the
subject is moved. They remain steadfastly staring at the subject no
matter where he moves to. Control requests the team to return now.
Team turns to leave. Before leaving a team member mentions something
noticed at the reception desk, a binder labeled 'The Lord's Tears'.
Control requests binder be returned as well, and it is stowed into
Subject's field kit.

The team returns to the elevator and returns to the ground floor. Upon
leaving the building, subject points down the street toward direction
of entry point. The camera pans to a section of raised expressway
across which one of the large torsos is crawling slowly. The entity
turns its featureless head to look at the escort team, raises its head
to the sky, and emits a bellowing sound. Team leader issues the order
to move, heading for the spot marked by the wireless video receiver.
The creature on the expressway extends an arm down that stretches to
touch the ground, before the camera moves to the port. All team
members save one move through entry point. Subject moves through entry
point and mirror returns to reflective surface.

SCP-093 is dropped by subject who panics and tries to fight his way
out of the room. Subject is terminated by team leader after he draws
the field kit pistol. Team leader requests portal be reopened but it
takes several minutes to find someone who can hold SCP-093 and
generate a similar color. When a matching color is displayed and
applied to the mirror the video receiver is visible and all
individuals report a horrific smell. Team Leader moves through the
entryway with control person █████. The uniform and possessions of the
escort team member who was left behind are present and recovered, but
the member himself is nowhere to be seen and does not respond to
shouts. Member assumed K.I.A. and wireless receiver recovered, control
and escort return through entry point and mirror returns to reflective
surface.

Later review of the recovered camera shows escort member ██████
grasping at the air where entry point should be and then turning to
look up at the oversized torso. A brown gel seems to drip off the
creature as it moves that disappears shortly after being dislodged as
if evaporating. Several shots are fired at the creature's face with
the automatic weapon carried by ██████ that land in the 'face' of the
creature, causing a spray of less viscous brown liquid to pour forth
from the 'wounds'. ██████ screams obscenities as the face of the
creature descends upon him and the camera is pushed to the ground.
Camera feed remains dark for approximately 65 seconds before light
comes back and the camera films the creature crawling back to the
expressway and pulling itself onto it, then crawling in the direction
it was originally headed.

██████ believed to have been 'absorbed' by the creature and perhaps
digested. This may have been an example of how these unknown entities
feed by direct contact with living material. Further study is
recommended to be avoided on this issue. Returned ledger filed as
██████.

The next test is classified as the Yellow Test.


SCP-093 'Yellow' Test 

Mirror Test 4: Color (Yellow)

D-class subjects no longer authorized for testing. Testing focus has
been shifted to data collection after analyzing the articles brought
back from the previous three tests to better understand the fate of
the world accessed by SCP-093 and determine if safeguards or practices
are required for our own world. Analysis of the brown fluid on the
clothing of the lost escort team member █████ has been filed with
other recovered articles.

Dr. █████ has volunteered for this test as out of the possible
candidates, he was able to cause SCP-093 to undergo a new color
change. There is no evidence in Dr. █████'s background of any illegal
or criminal behavior, nor of any psychological problems. When
presented to the mirror, the view changed to that of a cubicle office
environment.

For this test Dr. █████ opted to use the wireless video system and
forgo the pulley return system, stating he was confident he would be
safe as none of the torso-creatures have been witnessed within a
building where the mirror's destination showed. Video feed commences
after Dr. █████ has crossed the mirror. As with prior tests, SCP-093's
current color, yellow, tinges all video material.

Camera flickers to life and pans across a series of plain white
cubicle constructs. Approximately 30 are visible. At the far end from
the point of entry is an office module built into the wall with
frosted glass walls and a glass door. Dr. █████ approaches this door
and investigates the etched writing on it: 'Senior Manager - Stanlee
Milamitz'. The door is unlocked.

Dr. █████ enters the office and examines the desk. A coffee cup is on
the desk, a dark brown stain covering half of the inside as the liquid
evaporated. There is a donut on a plate which Dr. █████ picks up and
lobs at a wall, on impact it thumps like a rock and falls. A file
cabinet in the corner of the room draws Dr. █████'s attention and he
goes through each shelf one at a time, stopping in the second drawer
and taking out a file, then going back to the first and taking out two
others. Continuing to the third and fourth drawers he withdraws four
additional files and spreads them all out on the desk. The files are
blue filing folders and he points with his finger and camera at a
symbol on each of praying hands, stating aloud for the camera that all
other files are stored in yellow folders. The blue folders are placed
in his field kit.

Camera attention is turned to the PC on the desk that is logged in and
functional, Dr. █████ comments aloud wondering where these devices are
getting their power from as he has noticed no power outlets. This PC's
desktop contains the logo of 'Faithful OS' and even has sounds, clicks
of the mouse followed by soft hymn-like hums and opening of icons
followed by angelic bells. The PC fails to yield any useful
information to Dr. █████ who abandons it and leaves the office.

Approaching the other end of the office floor Dr. █████ presses a
button on the wall for the elevator and enters, finding he is on the
34th floor of a building having an unusual number scheme. The keypad
layout goes from -115 to 115, and includes all floors. Before pressing
a floor button Dr. █████ requests that the wireless video transponder
be moved to the elevator, and replaced with a construction cone to
mark the entry point. A second transponder unit is placed outside the
elevator and Control is instructed to recover the second unit and seal
the test chamber should something happen to him, then when all is
arranged he presses the button for floor -115.

The descent down the elevator is long, consuming 15 minutes, during
this time the camera experiences one malfunction where the image jerks
and turns to snow, restoring to show 14 other figures in the elevator
with Dr. █████ as video pans around, all of whom move as he moves to
allow him space. They remain for 35 seconds then the camera flickers
to snow and returns, Dr. █████ is now alone in the elevator dancing as
is assumed by the ducks and sways of the video feed.

Dr. █████ pauses to comment on a rising stench coming from below. At
this point the elevator has reached floor -108. Dr. █████ presses -110
to interrupt the descent down and exits when that floor is reached.
The elevator doors open to an enclosed observation deck with several
PCs and chairs. All PCs appear to have power. The ceiling to this deck
is also glass and above it another deck is visible. Dr. █████
approaches the monitoring stations and checks one of the PC screens.

On the screen is the Faithful OS logo and a video feed toggling
between four different views. The first view is a room of tubes
similar to those found in test Violet which number in the thousands.
The second view is a closer up view of these tubes as a camera glides
in front of each to monitor the contents. All tubes the camera passes
by are broken. The third view is facing the opposite direction as a
camera glides vertically checking each observation station. A total of
10 can be counted and Dr. █████ is visible as the camera passes by his
own station. Looking up, a hovering camera unit with no visible means
of propulsion glides up past him. The fourth view shows the ground
floor below the observation deck where a single astonishingly large
torso being is crawling in circles, bumping into walls and changing
directions. From the camera feed the creature's estimated size is six
stories.

Returning attention to the contents of the PC Dr. █████ moves the
video log aside to see a simple text editor that was hidden behind it.
A printout of this text was recovered and filed in the Field Kit. The
printout directed Dr. █████ to a safe on floor 54 and provided a
combination. Dr. █████ leaves the observation deck and proceeds to 54
without event, arriving on a cubicled office floor. He proceeds to the
desk mentioned in the document and finds a safe hidden beneath a desk
undisturbed. The combination provided opens the safe and reveals a
notebook, filed in the Field Kit, and a peculiar revolver that has
been returned as ███-███, in addition to the 24 rounds of ammo found
with it.

Dr. █████ proceeds back to the elevator without event and returns to
34. Given the sheer number of floors available to explore and the
vital information obtained from the observation deck, the test is
considered over and equipment is retrieved. Before returning through
the entry point, Dr. █████ investigates a terminal nearby that has
power, and finds it shows the exact same screen the one on -110 shows.
It is theorized that the author of the note installed a network virus
to propagate it through the building so any PC on that network would
be found and the information discovered.

Dr. █████ returns through the entry point and the mirror returns to a
reflective surface. All materials filed with other SCP-093 recovered
materials. Analysis of ███-███ and the ammunition for it postponed for
reason that it would require deconstruction of one of the rounds and
they may be beneficial until testing of SCP-093 is resolved. Video
ends.

The next test is classified as the Red Test.


SCP-093 'Red' Test 

SCP-093 Mirror Test 5: Color (Red)

SCP-093 distributed amongst staff until a new color could be generated
by contact with it. Service Technician ██████ was able to cause
SCP-093 take on a fierce red hue and glow, much brighter than the
object's normal color. ██████ agreed to assist with a test of SCP-093.
Per Dr. █████'s request, ███-███ given to Technician ██████ for use in
this test. When applied to the mirror for the test, SCP-093 generates
an unknown environment. No color tinge appears present on the
displayed destination, which is comprised of red stonework. Technician
██████ enters the mirror and video capture begins.

Video flickers to life and Technician ██████, known hereafter as
Subject, is viewing a large cylindrical pillar that is rotating on its
own. Object is of unknown height and appears to be 1.8 m (6 ft) in
width. Holes are distributed throughout the object at seemingly random
intervals. On occasion a beam of white light is emitted from these
holes. Turning of the camera finds that the beams are connected to a
multitude of objects similar to SCP-093 that are part of the room's
wall. The room turns out to also be cylindrical in shape with
countless copies of SCP-093.

Subject turns back to entry point and finds it is a section of the
wall that is missing its copy of SCP-093, presumably the one carried
with Subject. Other sections of the wall on inspection are also found
to be missing their copies, leading to speculation that this may be
some sort of central array. Subject finds a ladder in the floor while
examining the room and proceeds down it at Control's request.

The ladder exits into a large clean room full of computer equipment
that appears antiquated compared to previously encountered equipment.
Large computers running on reel-to-reels are clicking and spinning at
various locations, a light bulb of unknown meaning turns on for ten
seconds then turns off. A large CRT monitor is displaying single words
in 8 colors at roughly 5 second intervals. While observed the words
'Clean' 'Unclean' 'Clean' 'Clean' 'Lost' 'Unclean' flash on the
screen.

Proceeding through the room it ends in a large glass window as another
observation deck. This deck looks out over another series of tubes as
witnessed before but far fewer and filled with a blue liquid. What
appears to be electrical current dances over many of the tubes at
erratic intervals. At least five tubes at first glance are empty and
broken. At the observation window a keyboard is present on a pedestal
awaiting a selection to be made. The options available on the screen
are 'Tube Status' which waits for a numerical input, 'Reports',
'Situation X-549', 'Situation X-550', 'Evacuation Log', 'Bullshit',
'Agent █-██-█ Report', and 'Facility Fire Plan'. <Video Expunged: All
selections that generated text were transcribed by Subject and
verified by a Control member who passed through the portal to recover
them. This process took approximately two hours and video feed was
deleted to condense this report. Recorded Documents are filed as
██████-████-██> Video Interrupted.

Control lost contact with Subject approximately 30 minutes after
departure of Control tech. Subject was asked to remain in area and
observe the machinery and the containment room to make observations
for debriefing. The SCP-093 mirror portal returned to a reflective
surface prematurely and all video contact with Subject was lost.
Control was unable to re-establish due to SCP-093 being across the
mirror. A time lapse of one minute and forty-eight seconds (1:48) was
recorded before mirror portal re-established itself and Subject
returned through portal. Subject appeared to be in good health and
condition despite the time loss but spoke little.

During immediate debriefing Subject underwent sudden convulsions and
medical staff was alerted. While attempting to subdue Subject he
displayed enhanced strength and used ███-███ to shoot one of the
debriefing staff, killing them. Guards shot Subject once with a
sidearm in the heart and once in the chest but Subject did not fall.
All staff evacuated room and a second shot was fired by Subject which
missed. A more heavily armed team entered debriefing room and used
automatic weapons to dispatch Subject. Reports confirm that Subject
did not bleed when shot but instead leaked a green/brown substance
that seemed to be a mix of solution observed in some containment tubes
and the material recovered during Test 3.

All further SCP-093 tests have been discontinued while review of
materials recovered is in effect. A secondary tape recording device
was found to have activated in the field kit after loss of video feed
and its contents have been filed with other recovered materials.

All recovered materials from SCP-093 testing are Level 4
Classification. Release must be approved by no fewer than two Level 4
personnel.


The following data has been classified. Personnel requesting this data must read 
all declassified test data and have the approval of two (2) Class-4 Personnel 

SCP-093-Recovered Materials 


Recovered Materials

All documents contained in this file are Class 4 Clearance requiring
two signed approvals to access. Any employee reading past this point
who does not have proper classification should consider themselves to
be terminated from employment and now subject to disciplinary actions
up to and including: Forced administration of Class A Amnesic,
immediate transfer to Keter class security, and death.


Blue Test - Newspaper Article 1

Only one item could be recovered during our initial test and that was
a newspaper clipping found attached to a cork board in an abandoned
bunker. Most of the articles were in a state of decay but one was firm
enough for recovery.

Most Holy Father Announces Progress, Unclean Being Cleansed!

A rare public address directly from the Most Holy Father of The United
Lands of the Son has declared that the Blessed Militia has driven back
many of the Unclean who are skulking our lands now. New Rome, our
capital, has been purged of the Unclean and citizens are encouraged to
come back to their homes. Citizens who live in the surrounding
countryside should not return to their farms, as the Unclean still
roam the fields and plains around our glorious city and continue to
grow in size.

The Blessed Militia has developed new weapons which have proven
capable of punishing the Unclean and driving them back into the
Unfertile Lands. Construction has begun of a system to permanently
close the Unfertile Lands off from our Blessed Lands in each affected
area once all the Unclean have been driven away. The Most Holy
requests that all citizens of our United Lands bow in prayer and offer
tithe to recognize the sacrifices of our Blessed Militia in these
troubled times.

Reports have been coming in that falsely accuse the Blessed Militia of
having committed sin against the citizens whose homes they are
inhabiting as they travel bravely through Contaminated lands. The Most
Holy would like to remind the people that blasphemy against any who
wear His mark is the most grave of sin and unfounded accusations will
be punished accordingly. We should work to support He and His Men
however possible just as they lay down their lives for us.

The Sinful Rebels who ——


Green Test - Newspaper Articles 2, 3, 4, Diary

Our second test recovered many materials that helped to establish a
sequence of events for this alternate world. The diary recovered
provided a glimpse into the last days of the owners of the home from
which it was recovered and may represent activity in other areas of
the world as well.


Newspaper Article 2

Farms surrounding the city of Silver Feathers have reported being
unable to contact neighbors across voice or video feeds in the last
week. Until an approval is granted by the Regional High Father, an
investigation cannot commence but he assures the people that these
events have not escaped his attention.

Residents are advised to notify their local Blessed Voice daily so any
further disappearances can be addressed immediately. Residents are
also advised to begin stocking their shelters to be ready for any
situation.


Newspaper Article 3

Following the disappearance of the Blessed Voices from several
outlying regions around the city of Silver Feathers, the Regional High
Father has declared a Concern for Safety and Livelihood. Under this
declaration, all farmland residents must evacuate immediately to their
shelters. Scattered reports of an Unclean have come in but have yet to
be verified.


Newspaper Article 4

— the city of Glorious Song has stopped responding to any and all
communications, the worst can only be assumed and our hearts go out to
any who are in the region who are unable to hear our words. The city
of Silver Feathers Blessed Militia has reported several incursions by
the Unclean into the city and have exterminated four of the
abominations before they could become a danger to any residents. The
Regional High Father reminds the citizens to avoid direct
confrontation with the Unclean, conventional arms do nothing to the
Unclean, only the most holy of implements will penetrate their sin, so
do not put yourself in danger.

Any citizens who suspect their neighbors indulging in heavy sin should
immediately contact the Blessed Militia through designated check
points —


Diary

██-██-████ I have the distinct feelin we're gonna die so I'm gonna
write this all down now fer whoever comes along an finds our bones. My
name is Herverf Jakulsiv and Im a farmer, I grows the rabsticks and
the huskears. We raise the inks and the ooms. It's me, my wife,
Opheri, and our two lil uns Treven and Lisstieria. I got this book en
trade from the Blessed man who came by fer food and shelter, he told
us to start gettin our shelter ready and not to let no other Blessed
who comin by even know we're here, says the whole thing break down,
nothing right no more. So I does as he said, got it all ready, we goin
down there in the next day or so. In the morn, he was gone, which made
the wife sad as he was polite to us unlike most of the others. Figure
he didn wanna be no burder. Liss went out lookin fer him to be sure he
weren't just round the house.

██-██-████ He didn't turn up nowheres so we guess he left. Strange
nuff Liss found is clothes round a mile er so away, an all his gear,
but no him. She lef it all there and tha's fer the best if what happen
that I think. I'm clearly no educated man, don't claim to be, but I
can put two and two together and tell you that things are bad out
there. For everyone and especially for us cause it's comin way too
close. Sometimes, you can smell it, that's when we hide. Smells like a
leg of meat that's been rotten for way too long and just won't go back
into the dirt. Even the soil is rejectin em I guess, refusin to let
them be buried to die

██-██-████ It came. Too fast, we weren't ready. The smell came in the
night, maybe we woulda been fine but the lil uns were afraid so we
went to the shelter. Trev was slow, he saw it, kept starin at it as it
shambled by. It ignored us until he screamed when I was gettin Liss
and the miss down in the shelter. I went to get him but… it was too
fast. I saw him standin up there, screamin, and then its head came
down on him, pressed over him. He tried to run for the stairs, tried
to get to us, but then in a blink, he was gone and it pulled away. His
clothes fell into the cellar like he vanished out of em. I got into
the shelter, slammed the hatch and locked it. I think it knows we're
here now, it'll try to get in, take us too.. no tellin how long we
got, plenty of food tho..

I was wrong. The food was rotten, something got into it, or I just
didn't notice. We're eatin what we can. There's food, but not enough,
and that thing ain't leavin. It's tryin to find ways in, smelt the
smell, comin from the lifeweb plug in the wall, something seeped
through it and we kept away. It got all hard like a rock and don't
smell no more. Maybe the power in the plug finally let it die.

I went up, to peek. Cellar is fine, Trev's clothes still on the
stairs. Peeked outside. We're not gonna make it. There were
ten..twenty..thirty.. couldn't count, so many, all goin in a circle
around the house, lookin at it with those faceless faces, and the
stink, oh the stink. Went back into the shelter and locked the door. I
think, I don't want to see my family rot away. I think faster is
better, the miss, she agrees, we won't tell Liss, she'll be first,
then my wife, my love.. then me. I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry. I gave
the best life to my family possible. It was them Holy ones what
brought this.

I'm gonna pen this in memory to my great pap. He was old and knew
stories older than himself. Says those Unclean they preach about,
those Unfertile Zones they say stay out of. All cause of the Most Holy
bringin the world together. Them things are the ultimate sin.
Everything about us that was evil and impure, it's them. They don't
know nothin but doin what they do, don't even know why they do it,
they just do it, take us into them, then we're gone.

I asked pap what they were and he lit a stick, took a puff, an he said
- Don't know. Nobody knows, nobody who'll admit it. But if you see
this symbol, if you see it.. you run boy, you run fast, you run far,
and you hide, and you never go back where you saw it. That's all I
know. - I remember the symbol, was on the rock he kept on his neck
under his shirt. Next day, pap was gone, nowhere to be found, dad
weren't sad, said he knew it'd happen one day, pap went home. See you
soon dad, pap..

[DATA EXPUNGED] Symbol matched symbol found on SCP-093's surface as
one of the deeper engravings. Also matches symbols noticed on video
feed of final test on SCP-093 duplicates.


Violet Test - Office Ledger

The third test with SCP-093 resulted in the unfortunate loss of a
security member but also allowed us to recover a ledger with insight
into the medical procedures carried out on the alternate Earth now
termed E-093.

Patient: Jennifer McZirka

Recovery Tube: 001-1

Mixture: 35% Tears, 30% Nutrient, 10% H.F.T., 25% Blessing

Summary: Jennifer McZirka is 20 cycles of age and during her 18th
cycle was the victim of a hov-ride accident that resulted in brain
damage and misalignment of her moral processes. She is prone to
violent outbursts and can only be calmed down by impure stimulation.
Because of this she actively seeks out strangers to mingle with and
her parents have requested of the High Father that she be set to the
Tears to mend her mind and body. Patient accepted.

During preparation for the Tears subject went into a rage and the
attending Hand went to recover a sedative. Jennifer tore her clothes
off and screamed impure words at me so I locked the door and
instructed the Hand to wait outside. I am half shameful to admit I
laid with Jennifer a total of seven times before putting her to the
Tears. It has been very long for me and her parents have abandoned her
to our care, so care for her I will. Before setting her to the Tears I
authorized a Blessed Probe of her body functions and found she is
settled now with young and tests confirm it shall be mine. I have
mixed her bath to accommodate this and she will soak in the Tears
until her body is ready to give life.

Patient: None

Recovery Tube: 001-2

Mixture: None

Summary: None


Patient: Alberious Farafan

Recovery Tube: 001-3

Mixture: 80% Tears, 20% Nutrient

Summary: Alberious Farafan is a farmer from outside the city of Silver
Feathers who claims to have lost family to the Unclean. He confronted
the High Fathers of the city and demanded compensation and retribution
for the loss. The High Fathers deny the existence of Unclean beyond
the Unfertile Lands and refuse compensation or retribution. Alberious
struck a High Father and was arrested and sentenced to a cleansing of
the soul.

His mixture is primarily Tears to seep into the soul and cleanse his
heart and ease his pain. The Lawkeepers state his family is indeed
missing so his sentence beyond the Tears has been dropped in sympathy
for their loss. I used the last of the H.F.T. on Jennifer or I would
have used less Tears in this bath, 80% is higher than I am comfortable
with but the H.F.T. is becoming hard to obtain. I may have to go
through the Dark.


Patient: <====>

Recovery Tube: 002-1

Mixture: 75% Nutrient, 25% Blessing

Summary: A Member of the Blessed Militia who was wounded in combat.
Request is from the High Father, details withheld.


Patient: <====>

Recovery Tube: 002-2

Mixture: 75% Nutrient, 25% Blessing

Summary: A Member of the Blessed Militia who was wounded in combat.
Request is from the High Father, details withheld.


Patient: <====>

Recovery Tube: 002-3

Mixture: 75% Nutrient, 25% Blessing

Summary: A Member of the Blessed Militia who was wounded in combat.
Request is from the High Father, details withheld.


Yellow Test - PC Printout, Safe Diary, ███-███

The fourth test into E-093 provided us with documentation assumed to
be written by a technician in either a medical or government facility.
███-███, found in the safe, is being considered for SCP classification
primarily due to the composition of the ammunition found with it and
the advanced firing mechanism attached to what should be a very base
firearm.


PC Printout

I did not trust the Overwatchers, I felt something was wrong years
ago. Under my desk on floor 54 is a safe with a weapon in it, it is
one of those used by the Blessed Militia, my brother has sent it to
me. He says they are also not what they claim, they have done things
to our fellows even more vile than what the Unclean would do. He tells
me to be ready to fight. I cannot, it is not me, I do not know
violence, I am too frail. You, use it, save yourself.


Safe Diary

My name is Herval Toliwis, I am a hard systems watcher here. My job is
to monitor the Sinful who bathe in the Lord's Tears and then make sure
that they reach the prescribed dilution time. I have been doing this
job for 23 years, and now things are falling apart. I can no longer
abide by The Most Holy, I must speak the truth.

We are being told to evacuate. The containment tubes have been
breached. An Unclean has appeared in the Place of Rest and we are
unable to destroy it. The livemotion footage shows how it came to be
and this is what has unsealed my heart and mind and tongue. I must
speak. Should the Overwatchers see this I will be silenced so I must
hide it, thankfully they are ignorant with the hardware so I can hide
this easily.

The Overwatchers told us, we should leave last, to ensure the hardware
contains the Unclean. What that means is we should distract it and die
in case it breaches the watching decks. It has shattered nearly all
the tubes and absorbed the people in them. I have dispatched the Eyes
to the Unclean and they have touched it, bringing me back a sample of
it. The Unclean are not sinners, they are not products of our
disobedience. I suspect they are us. The Eyes have dated the sample,
it is older than myself, older than my elders. It is over 200 cycles
in ages. 200!

The sirens are still sounding, but no signal has come for us to leave.
I do not think this Unclean is alone. I have seen how they can get
into places, between places. Between places! Is that where they have
been, all this time? Between places? The makeup of the Unclean is
unstable, molecules detach and reattach almost before my eyes, as if
to move the entire thing reforms itself in space and time. Why does it
not come up here? Too much effort? Or does it not sense me? They have
no eyes, no mouth, no face, they cannot speak, cannot see, but they
must be able to sense us.

The smell, it is so strong, it comes from all directions. It is not a
smell of the dead, it is a smell that comes from something that should
be dead but does not know how to die. The War of The Holy Union, I
think that was where it may have started. We are united under the Most
Holy but what does he owe us? Nothing. We merely keep society running
while those on high benefit. Is this not how it has always been? But
now we are told we are pleasing the will of those above us in the
clouds, those great beings who gave us the power to live and prosper.
Those who we have never laid eyes upon but are told we must revere.
Lies, all of it, it must be.

I am using the Eyes to create a fluid to oppose the make up of the
Unclean’s sample. Perhaps they will cancel each other out. I will
leave soon and store the rounds here, I cannot use the weapon, I am
too weak a man for this. I will protect my family with my mind and not
with my rage, we will be safe in the fields, I know where to go.

I will go above now, to my family. I will leave the hardware running,
I was told to turn it off, but this is where I defy them, it will run,
this will watch, the Eyes will see for however much time they have.
Someone will read this, and someone will know. Take the gun, take the
fluid, do not listen to the Most Holy, we did, and we are damned.


███-███ is a revolver style weapon with two 12 bullet cylinders. The
design of the gun has one cylinder on each side, raised slightly, so
they may flip into the gun itself and then rotate, firing all rounds,
before flipping back out and allowing it to be reloaded while the
second is usable allowing a total of 24 shots before it runs empty.
There is no firing pin on this gun, but instead there is a pull-back
slide mechanism that must be used to prime the active cylinder. At the
time of recovering, all 24 slots contained a syringe style bullet with
32 needles on the end. On impact it is assumed the force of the shot
will press the liquid inside into the target. None have been tested.

Of express interest is that these cylinders can hold standard .45
caliber ammunition which has been tested. The gun uses an ultra high
power magnetic rail system to deliver the shot so the gunpowder in the
bullet is never used. In consideration is a redesign of a round that
would utilize the gunpowder midflight to add even higher velocity to
the round or that would explode on impact for higher yield.


Red Test - PC Printouts

The final authorized test with SCP-093 resulted in the loss of a
skilled service technician but allowed us to recover very revealing
documents that can only be assumed to not have been intended for
public knowledge in any world. Curious among these is 'Agent █-██-█
Report' which appears to have been written by a Foundation employee
several decades ago.

While these paper printouts were the best material recovered it seems
that the system used to create them allowed for multiple forms of
input including typed and verbal speech-to-text. Some audio logs of
the printouts below are available but must be requested in advance
with fully written explanations as to why. This dual input system
seems to explain the variances in the style between users as well with
assumptions made on the part of the software while performing
conversions.

Facility Fire Plan

In the event of any Emergency requiring the Facility to be evacuated,
all Clear-4 staff should report to Train Station 3 and use their Vial
to call the Evacuation Train. Only one Vial is required to call the
train and may contain any amount of Tears. An Empty Vial will not call
the train. Clear 2 and 1 staff should remain at their posts until
either 10 minutes after the departure of Clear-4 persons or until
authorized by Clear-4 staff. Clear-3 staff should utilize the
Protective Garments at their stations and weapon lockers before
proceeding to designated Crisis Areas as dictated by Clear-4 staff.

Reports

Three Unfertile Zones have increased 25% in size in the last seven
days. Containment Teams are not finding any presence of Unclean in
these zones but they are visibly confirmed as expanding. Clear-5 level
High Fathers have confirmed breaches in the Holy Chambers at each of
these zones, all chambers found empty. It is believed that the Unclean
have breached containment on the Holy Chambers. Dispatching additional
guard to remaining Chambers.

Situation X-549

Expansion of Zone 6-4-TO has been confirmed. Unfertile Zone
containment procedures in effect. Containment Staff dispatched to
site. This is the tenth report in 30 days, upgrading to Situation
Status. Reports from Clear-5 High Fathers have stopped at all
affected. The City of His Word has been placed on full lockdown and
all travel denied in or out. Other cities are now in Alert mode and
combat teams are being dispatched to city perimeters.

Situation X-550

The Great Land of Hufussia has fallen per satellite images. Entire
landmass considered tainted. Outbreak of Sin reported in Levina and
that landmass has requested assistance from the Holy Union. Assistance
denied due to our own outbreak and mass reportings of Unclean.
Clear-10 staff have issued the order to evacuate via the Gateway and
for all Holy Union authorized persons to proceed to the nearest Sky
Platform for evacuation to Star Eye Eden to continue monitoring
status. Gateway Keys are being ejected to prevent spread from this
center to other space/time vectors. Resurrecting Staff are being
awakened to monitor and continue reports here as we evacuate. May His
Blessings Forgive Our Greatest Sin.

Evacuation Log

Evacuation in progress. Shuttle 1 away. Shuttle 2 away.
Shutttttttttttttttttttttle 3error error error error error release us
release us release us why why why why Shuttle 3 error launch aborted
proceed to Shuttle 4. Shuttle 4 reporting delayed launch, overloaded,
triage protocols engaged. Shuttle 4 reports passenger limit obtained
preparing to laaaaunnnnnn why why why why release us why us release
why us what did we do why why system detecting electrostatic activity
compensating compensating comp comp comp comp
101011011101101010101110011 arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr why were we
hurt what did we do why were we hurt what did we do system shut down

system restore purge of contaminated data in progress WHY US WHY US
WHY US WHY US WHY US WHY US WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY LISTEN

record 5432-104-392 paassssworrrrdddd forrrgivveeeusss 5554444332 2 2
2 2 22222222 1 111111111-----------WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY

system purge

purge

pur

bullshit

wtf is this place lol ok so lyk there r ppl typin stuff here so im
gonna type 2 lol. so lyk i found this rock in the pond by the house
and it was all kinda glowy and stuff when i picked it up so im lyk o
wow pretty and when i pick it up the pond u culdnt see the bottom it
was this weird room with a glowy rock thing lol i dunno so i lyk i
guess fell into it oops and now im here and not there and rly im kinda
scurred but this place is like a movie set so it's cool lol theres
some guy i can hear talking he keeps asking me to come downstairs but
i dont see no door he keeps screaming for help too cause i told him to
eat me laff and he wont shut up i guess i could try goin back into
that room but its so creepy in there im sorta scurred to laff

oh so hey i found a door its like in the floor instead of on a wall so
lyk im gonna go tell that guy yellin 2 shut it up so i can go home bbl


Agent █-██-█ Report

My name is ██████ ██████████ and I am an agent at The Foundation, the
year in my world is 1972. I assume it is the same in this world, but
from what I have seen due to SCP-093, life on this world ended in
approximately 1954. I have used SCP-093 to visit a number of locales
starting and ending here in this center. I have seen the landscapes
where no grass will grow. I have run from the 'Unclean' as they pursue
anything they sense. I have no understanding of how they hunt but I
have learned what they are.

Approximately 350 years ago or so this world experienced a
technological boom ours did not. The source of this seems to have been
the arrival of He, a god-like being of unknown origin. He declared the
world Unclean and full of Sin, and the only way to purge itself of
this Sin was to purge the Sinners. A war, whoever was left alive, was
Clean. Amazing advances in science were bestowed to all cultures for a
period of ten years to prepare them for this war and during that time,
He disappeared. The war happened anyway, the instigator, The Holy
Union of Land, apparently the landmass that for us would become the
United States.

Records are sketchy and books that detail anything about this time
period are forbidden in the world. I located a cache of recorded
history by following a series of corrupted computer communications. It
seems the primary weapon used in this war for His Love was in fact,
people. Exposed to something called His Holy Tears, a liquid compound
I have seen in use even today in abandoned medical facilities. His
Holy Tears purge the Sin from the Unclean and make them love Him; at
least that's what the label states.

The records I recovered are very unclear about how this war was waged
except to state 'His Holy Chosen walked the lands of the Sinful and
took their sin unto themselves. Those who cried for His Salvation
received it and are now our children. Those who denied His Love were
purified in His Radiance.'

But something apparently happened no one knew how to deal with. The
Unclean, the large creatures that are half a man and devour whatever
they touch that lives and breathes. I actually found a scientific
report written by someone who stumbled here with a SCP-093 copy. These
creatures are the result of exposure to a very pure form of His Tears
resulting in a genetic apocalypse occurring within the exposed. There
are terms in here, something about Quantum Restructuring, I don't
understand any of this but it means they were once humans like
everyone else, that couldn't be controlled. But they COULD be
contained. They seem to be attracted to His Tears and a central point
was established in various regions where a person with the purest form
of His Tears stays, keeping the Unclean in that area known as an
Unfertile Land.

Something went wrong with that too, not sure what, but everything fell
apart. The power structure, the culture, the people, all of it fell to
ruins and now those things shamble around the land as its new owners,
with no purpose or direction. You can stand next to one if you can
stand the stink and they just slip right past you. If you catch their
attention though, that's it, they move like lightning if they need to
and like a snail unless they have a reason to speed up. Sometimes, I
think they chase just to do it, others, they move to kill.

I think someone is in this facility, or someones, I keep hearing
voices and requests coming from areas under the floor. I want to leave
this before I explore the facility any further. I have sent SCP-093
back through the entry mirror to seal that gate. These things can't be
let into our world nor should we have anything to do with this one,
we're simply not smart enough to understand it all I feel.

I don't think the Unclean can die. They're immortal, but they don't
want to be. They just want to die. They're.. in my head I think.. I
didn't notice it till just now but, equipment in this room is starting
to react to me, words on the screen, begging for help. I, I remember
touching the Tears, smelling it, tasting it, just a touch. Not eating
it just.. touching to it, tasting for acidity, we have pretty stupid
investigative procedure I think ha ha.

The High Fathers are .. alive. They have technology we only imagine in
our comics given by Him. Some of the records on this machine indicate
space travel, but they didn't go far, just far enough to watch the
world fall apart and wait to come back and take it.. but if they're up
there.. who is in this building with me?

I've seen the faces, of the people, the Unclean. They show up on the
pictures cast by the machine, in the room with me, watching me. I
think, they're everywhere on this world, only seen by machines now.
They don't look sad, or happy, just, curious. They want to
know..why..why them..why did it all happen? I don't know.. I just
don't know..

they showed me things when i touched them and its not quite like the
records say. the unclean remember it all, every person they touch
becomes part of them, safe inside them, but dead to us. every mind,
every feeling, every terror, its eternal to them. i kind of want to
join them but.. too much to do.. they want me to.. find him, kill him.

there was no war it was him him him him him IT. IT. it came from
between the folds of time and space and worlds and light and dark
something that is but should not be slipped in and called out to them
as their god and they believed it and they tasted it and touched it
and layed with it and became its property and did its will and IT IS
STILL HERE the scp-093 it brought with it pulled forcefully with it
built it i don't know they don't know but it belongs to him it lets
him move between places between worlds so i BROKE IT ha ha ha i threw
pieces of it away and through holes so those doors are closed just
like ours is closed and i can't go home so what else can i do

it calls out through the rock, somehow, it knows where they are but
can't touch them, but if you hide the rock he can't call out and he's
stuck too i got you you son of a bitch I GOT YOU BANG BANG ha ha

i touched him. with my fist. and my gun. and he fell down. but he'll
get back up. soon. i'm sorry, i did all i could, let me sleep now,
please… let… me… slee


